Installed Packages
DevIL.x86_64                                       1.7.8-35.fc33                          @fedora               
GConf2.x86_64                                      3.2.6-29.fc33                          @anaconda             
ImageMagick.x86_64                                 1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @fedora               
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                             1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @fedora               
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                            1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @fedora               
LibRaw.x86_64                                      0.20.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
ModemManager.x86_64                                1.14.10-1.fc33                         @updates              
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                           1.14.10-1.fc33                         @updates              
NetworkManager.x86_64                              1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                         1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                    1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch   1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                        1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                  1.2.6-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64            1.2.6-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                      1:1.8.12-1.fc33.1                      @anaconda             
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                1:1.8.12-1.fc33.1                      @anaconda             
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                          1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                         1:1.2.8-2.fc33.1                       @anaconda             
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                   1:1.2.8-2.fc33.1                       @anaconda             
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                          1.2.11-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                    1.2.11-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                         1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                         1:1.2.6-5.fc33                         @anaconda             
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                   1:1.2.6-5.fc33                         @anaconda             
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                         1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                         1:1.26.6-1.fc33                        @updates              
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                                2.3.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
PackageKit.x86_64                                  1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                             1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                 1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                      1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
R-core.x86_64                                      4.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
R-evaluate.noarch                                  0.14-6.fc33                            @fedora               
R-glue.x86_64                                      1.4.2-1.fc33                           @fedora               
R-highr.noarch                                     0.8-6.fc33                             @fedora               
R-knitr.noarch                                     1.31-1.fc33                            @updates              
R-magrittr.noarch                                  1.5-11.fc33                            @fedora               
R-markdown.x86_64                                  1.1-5.fc33                             @fedora               
R-mime.x86_64                                      0.10-1.fc33                            @updates              
R-stringi.x86_64                                   1.5.3-1.fc33                           @fedora               
R-stringr.noarch                                   1.4.0-7.fc33                           @fedora               
R-xfun.x86_64                                      0.22-1.fc33                            @updates              
R-yaml.x86_64                                      2.2.1-4.fc33                           @fedora               
SDL2.x86_64                                        2.0.14-1.fc33                          @updates              
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                     3.001-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                     0.301-1.fc33                           @updates              
abrt.x86_64                                        2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                             2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                       2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                       2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                           2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                             2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-cli.x86_64                                    2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                   2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-gui.x86_64                                    2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                               2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                         1.2.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
abrt-libs.x86_64                                   2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                           2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                         2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
abrt-tui.x86_64                                    2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                         0.7-3.fc33                             @fedora               
accountsservice.x86_64                             0.6.55-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                        0.6.55-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
acl.x86_64                                         2.2.53-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
adcli.x86_64                                       0.9.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                         20171205-9.fc33                        @anaconda             
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch              20171205-9.fc33                        @anaconda             
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                          20180407-7.fc33                        @anaconda             
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                 2.030.1.050-9.fc33                     @anaconda             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                        3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                          3.28-9.fc33                            @anaconda             
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                          3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
adwaita-qt4.x86_64                                 1.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                 1.2.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
alsa-lib.x86_64                                    1.2.4-5.fc33                           @updates              
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                     1.2.2-4.fc33                           @updates              
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                           1.6.1-4.fc33                           @updates              
alsa-ucm.noarch                                    1.2.4-5.fc33                           @updates              
alsa-utils.x86_64                                  1.2.4-2.fc33                           @updates              
alternatives.x86_64                                1.14-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
amtk.x86_64                                        5.2.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
anaconda.x86_64                                    33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
anaconda-core.x86_64                               33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                   33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
anaconda-live.x86_64                               33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                          26.1-12.fc33                           @anaconda             
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                            33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
annobin.x86_64                                     9.49-1.fc33                            @updates              
appstream-data.noarch                              33-1.fc33                              @anaconda             
apr.x86_64                                         1.7.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
apr-util.x86_64                                    1.6.1-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                1.6.1-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                            1.6.1-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
aspell.x86_64                                      12:0.60.8-5.fc33                       @fedora               
asymptote.x86_64                                   2.67-1.fc33                            @fedora               
at.x86_64                                          3.1.23-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                 2.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                2.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
atk.x86_64                                         2.36.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
atkmm.x86_64                                       2.28.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
atmel-firmware.noarch                              1.3-23.fc33                            @anaconda             
attr.x86_64                                        2.4.48-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
audit.x86_64                                       3.0.1-2.fc33                           @updates              
audit-libs.x86_64                                  3.0.1-2.fc33                           @updates              
augeas-libs.x86_64                                 1.12.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
authselect.x86_64                                  1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
authselect-compat.x86_64                           1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
authselect-libs.x86_64                             1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
autoconf.noarch                                    2.69-34.fc33                           @fedora               
autocorr-en.noarch                                 1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
automake.noarch                                    1.16.2-2.fc33                          @fedora               
avahi.x86_64                                       0.8-7.fc33                             @updates              
avahi-compat-libdns_sd.x86_64                      0.8-7.fc33                             @updates              
avahi-compat-libdns_sd-devel.x86_64                0.8-7.fc33                             @updates              
avahi-devel.x86_64                                 0.8-7.fc33                             @updates              
avahi-glib.x86_64                                  0.8-7.fc33                             @updates              
avahi-libs.x86_64                                  0.8-7.fc33                             @updates              
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                019-18.fc33                            @anaconda             
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                5.2-25.fc33                            @anaconda             
babl.x86_64                                        0.1.82-1.fc33                          @updates              
baobab.x86_64                                      3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
basesystem.noarch                                  11-10.fc33                             @anaconda             
bash.x86_64                                        5.0.17-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
bash-completion.noarch                             1:2.8-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
bc.x86_64                                          1.07.1-11.fc33                         @anaconda             
bcache-tools.x86_64                                1.1-0.fc33                             @updates              
biber.noarch                                       2.14-4.fc33                            @fedora               
bind-libs.x86_64                                   32:9.11.28-1.fc33                      @updates              
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                              32:9.11.28-1.fc33                      @updates              
bind-license.noarch                                32:9.11.28-1.fc33                      @updates              
bind-utils.x86_64                                  32:9.11.28-1.fc33                      @updates              
binutils.x86_64                                    2.35-18.fc33                           @updates              
binutils-gold.x86_64                               2.35-18.fc33                           @updates              
blivet-data.noarch                                 1:3.3.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                          2.2.1-2.fc33                           @updates              
bluez.x86_64                                       5.56-1.fc33                            @updates              
bluez-cups.x86_64                                  5.56-1.fc33                            @updates              
bluez-libs.x86_64                                  5.56-1.fc33                            @updates              
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                 5.56-1.fc33                            @updates              
bolt.x86_64                                        0.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
boost.x86_64                                       1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-atomic.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-chrono.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-container.x86_64                             1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-context.x86_64                               1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-contract.x86_64                              1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-coroutine.x86_64                             1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-date-time.x86_64                             1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-devel.x86_64                                 1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-fiber.x86_64                                 1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-filesystem.x86_64                            1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-graph.x86_64                                 1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-iostreams.x86_64                             1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-locale.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-log.x86_64                                   1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-math.x86_64                                  1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-nowide.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-numpy3.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-program-options.x86_64                       1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-python3.x86_64                               1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-random.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-regex.x86_64                                 1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-serialization.x86_64                         1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                            1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-system.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-test.x86_64                                  1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-thread.x86_64                                1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-timer.x86_64                                 1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                          1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
boost-wave.x86_64                                  1.73.0-10.fc33                         @updates              
brasero-libs.x86_64                                3.12.2-11.fc33                         @anaconda             
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                           5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
bridge-utils.x86_64                                1.6-6.fc33                             @anaconda             
brlapi.x86_64                                      0.8.0-11.fc33.1                        @anaconda             
brltty.x86_64                                      6.1-11.fc33.1                          @anaconda             
brotli.x86_64                                      1.0.9-3.fc33                           @updates              
brotli-devel.x86_64                                1.0.9-3.fc33                           @updates              
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                 5.10-1.fc33                            @updates              
bubblewrap.x86_64                                  0.4.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
bzip2.x86_64                                       1.0.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.8-4.fc33                           @fedora               
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                  1.0.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
c-ares.x86_64                                      1.17.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
ca-certificates.noarch                             2020.2.41-4.fc33                       @anaconda             
cairo.x86_64                                       1.16.0-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
cairo-devel.x86_64                                 1.16.0-9.fc33                          @fedora               
cairo-gobject.x86_64                               1.16.0-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
cairomm.x86_64                                     1.12.2-4.fc33                          @updates              
capstone.x86_64                                    4.0.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
catatonit.x86_64                                   0.1.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                             10.2-34.fc33                           @anaconda             
cfitsio.x86_64                                     3.470-3.fc33                           @fedora               
cfitsio-devel.x86_64                               3.470-3.fc33                           @fedora               
checkpolicy.x86_64                                 3.1-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
cheese.x86_64                                      2:3.38.0-2.fc33                        @anaconda             
cheese-libs.x86_64                                 2:3.38.0-2.fc33                        @anaconda             
chkconfig.x86_64                                   1.14-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
chmlib.x86_64                                      0.40-23.fc33                           @fedora               
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                          10.1-10.fc33                           @anaconda             
chrony.x86_64                                      4.0-1.fc33                             @updates              
cifs-utils.x86_64                                  6.11-2.fc33                            @updates              
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                             6.11-2.fc33                            @updates              
clang.x86_64                                       11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
clang-devel.x86_64                                 11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
clang-libs.x86_64                                  11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                           11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                       1:38-1.1.fc33                          @updates              
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                   1:38-1.1.fc33                          @updates              
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                        2.3.3.4-39.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc33    @anaconda             
clucene-core.x86_64                                2.3.3.4-39.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc33    @anaconda             
clutter.x86_64                                     1.26.4-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                3.0.27-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                 1.8.4-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
cmake.x86_64                                       3.19.7-1.fc33                          @updates              
cmake-data.noarch                                  3.19.7-1.fc33                          @updates              
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                            3.19.7-1.fc33                          @updates              
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.19.7-1.fc33                          @updates              
cogl.x86_64                                        1.22.8-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
color-filesystem.noarch                            1-25.fc33                              @anaconda             
colord.x86_64                                      1.4.5-1.fc33                           @updates              
colord-gtk.x86_64                                  0.2.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
colord-libs.x86_64                                 1.4.5-1.fc33                           @updates              
compat-readline5.x86_64                            5.2-37.fc33                            @anaconda             
compiler-rt.x86_64                                 11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
conmon.x86_64                                      2:2.0.26-1.fc33                        @updates              
container-selinux.noarch                           2:2.158.0-1.fc33                       @updates              
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                 0.9.1-4.fc33                           @updates              
containers-common.noarch                           4:1-9.fc33                             @updates              
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                            3.7-7.fc33                             @anaconda             
coreutils.x86_64                                   8.32-18.fc33                           @updates              
coreutils-common.x86_64                            8.32-18.fc33                           @updates              
corosynclib.x86_64                                 3.1.0-2.fc33                           @updates              
cpio.x86_64                                        2.13-8.fc33                            @anaconda             
cpp.x86_64                                         10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
cracklib.x86_64                                    2.9.6-24.fc33                          @anaconda             
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                              2.9.6-24.fc33                          @anaconda             
createrepo_c.x86_64                                0.16.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                           0.16.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
criu.x86_64                                        3.15-1.fc33                            @updates              
criu-libs.x86_64                                   3.15-1.fc33                            @updates              
cronie.x86_64                                      1.5.7-1.fc33                           @updates              
cronie-anacron.x86_64                              1.5.7-1.fc33                           @updates              
crontabs.noarch                                    1.11-23.20190603git.fc33               @anaconda             
crun.x86_64                                        0.18-4.fc33                            @updates              
crypto-policies.noarch                             20200918-1.git85dccc5.fc33             @anaconda             
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                     20200918-1.git85dccc5.fc33             @anaconda             
cryptsetup.x86_64                                  2.3.5-2.fc33                           @updates              
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                             2.3.5-2.fc33                           @updates              
ctags.x86_64                                       5.8-30.fc33                            @anaconda             
cups.x86_64                                        1:2.3.3op2-3.fc33                      @updates              
cups-client.x86_64                                 1:2.3.3op2-3.fc33                      @updates              
cups-filesystem.noarch                             1:2.3.3op2-3.fc33                      @updates              
cups-filters.x86_64                                1.28.7-2.fc33                          @updates              
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                           1.28.7-2.fc33                          @updates              
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                1:2.3.3op2-3.fc33                      @updates              
cups-libs.x86_64                                   1:2.3.3op2-3.fc33                      @updates              
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                              0.2.6-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
curl.x86_64                                        7.71.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                  2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                            2.1.27-6.fc33                          @fedora               
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                           2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                              2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                            2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                 71.1-1.fc33                            @updates              
dbus.x86_64                                        1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda             
dbus-broker.x86_64                                 28-3.fc33                              @updates              
dbus-common.noarch                                 1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda             
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                 1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda             
dbus-glib.x86_64                                   0.110-10.fc33                          @updates              
dbus-libs.x86_64                                   1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda             
dbus-tools.x86_64                                  1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda             
dbus-x11.x86_64                                    1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda             
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                                 0.9.3-0.25.20160218.fc33               @anaconda             
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                0.9.3-0.25.20160218.fc33               @fedora               
dconf.x86_64                                       0.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
deja-dup.x86_64                                    42.7-1.fc33                            @updates              
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                           2.37-15.fc33                           @anaconda             
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                      2.37-15.fc33                           @anaconda             
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                          2.37-15.fc33                           @anaconda             
deltarpm.x86_64                                    3.6.2-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                   33.0.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                          0.26-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
device-mapper.x86_64                               1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda             
device-mapper-event.x86_64                         1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda             
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                    1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda             
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                          1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda             
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                0.8.4-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64               0.8.5-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
dhcp-client.x86_64                                 12:4.4.2-8.b1.fc33                     @anaconda             
dhcp-common.noarch                                 12:4.4.2-8.b1.fc33                     @anaconda             
diffutils.x86_64                                   3.7-7.fc33                             @updates              
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                              3.5.27-22.fc33                         @anaconda             
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                       0.3.0-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
dleyna-core.x86_64                                 0.6.0-9.fc33                           @updates              
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                             0.6.0-10.fc33                          @updates              
dleyna-server.x86_64                               0.6.0-9.fc33                           @updates              
dmidecode.x86_64                                   1:3.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
dmraid.x86_64                                      1.0.0.rc16-49.fc33                     @anaconda             
dmraid-events.x86_64                               1.0.0.rc16-49.fc33                     @anaconda             
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-49.fc33                     @anaconda             
dnf.noarch                                         4.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
dnf-data.noarch                                    4.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                            4.0.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
dnsmasq.x86_64                                     2.84-1.fc33                            @updates              
docbook-dtds.noarch                                1.0-76.fc33                            @fedora               
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                           1.79.2-12.fc33                         @fedora               
dos2unix.x86_64                                    7.4.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
dosfstools.x86_64                                  4.1-12.fc33                            @anaconda             
dotconf.x86_64                                     1.3-25.fc33                            @anaconda             
double-conversion.x86_64                           3.1.5-3.fc33                           @fedora               
dracut.x86_64                                      050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates              
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                        050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates              
dracut-live.x86_64                                 050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates              
dracut-network.x86_64                              050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates              
dracut-squash.x86_64                               050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates              
drpm.x86_64                                        0.5.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
duplicity.x86_64                                   0.8.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
dwz.x86_64                                         0.13-4.fc33                            @fedora               
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                   1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                              1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
earlyoom.x86_64                                    1.6.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                            0.2.2-19.fc33                          @fedora               
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                   20200801stable-3.fc33                  @updates              
efi-filesystem.noarch                              4-5.fc33                               @anaconda             
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                             4-5.fc33                               @fedora               
efibootmgr.x86_64                                  16-9.fc33                              @anaconda             
efivar-libs.x86_64                                 37-14.fc33                             @updates              
electronics-menu.noarch                            1.0-24.fc33                            @fedora               
elfutils.x86_64                                    0.183-1.fc33                           @updates              
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                  0.183-1.fc33                           @updates              
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                 0.183-1.fc33                           @updates              
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                             0.183-1.fc33                           @updates              
elfutils-libs.x86_64                               0.183-1.fc33                           @updates              
emacs.x86_64                                       1:27.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
emacs-common.x86_64                                1:27.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
emacs-filesystem.noarch                            1:27.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
enchant.x86_64                                     1:1.6.0-26.fc33                        @anaconda             
enchant2.x86_64                                    2.2.14-1.fc33                          @updates              
eog.x86_64                                         3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
espeak-ng.x86_64                                   1.50-4.fc33                            @anaconda             
ethtool.x86_64                                     2:5.10-1.fc33                          @updates              
evince.x86_64                                      3.38.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
evince-djvu.x86_64                                 3.38.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
evince-libs.x86_64                                 3.38.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
evince-nautilus.x86_64                             3.38.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                          3.38.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
evolution-data-server.x86_64                       3.38.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch             3.38.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
exempi.x86_64                                      2.5.1-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
exiv2.x86_64                                       0.27.3-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                  0.27.3-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
expat.x86_64                                       2.2.8-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
f33-backgrounds-base.noarch                        33.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
f33-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                       33.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
fastlz.x86_64                                      0.1.0-0.14.20070619svnrev12.fc33       @fedora               
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                2.0.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                            28-8.fc33                              @anaconda             
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                      1.1-8.fc33                             @updates              
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                             33-3                                   @updates              
fedora-logos.x86_64                                30.0.2-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                          30.0.2-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
fedora-release-common.noarch                       33-3                                   @updates              
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch         33-3                                   @updates              
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                  33-3                                   @updates              
fedora-repos.noarch                                33-3                                   @updates              
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                        33-3                                   @updates              
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch              1.1-8.fc33                             @anaconda             
fftw.x86_64                                        3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates              
fftw-devel.x86_64                                  3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates              
fftw-libs.x86_64                                   3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates              
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                            3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates              
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                              3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates              
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                              3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates              
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                            3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates              
file.x86_64                                        5.39-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
file-libs.x86_64                                   5.39-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
file-roller.x86_64                                 3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
file-roller-nautilus.x86_64                        3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
filesystem.x86_64                                  3.14-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
findutils.x86_64                                   1:4.7.0-7.fc33                         @anaconda             
firefox.x86_64                                     87.0-2.fc33                            @updates              
firewalld.noarch                                   0.8.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                        0.8.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
flac-libs.x86_64                                   1.3.3-4.fc33                           @updates              
flashrom.x86_64                                    1.2-5.fc33                             @updates              
flatpak.x86_64                                     1.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                1.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
flatpak-selinux.noarch                             1.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                      1.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
flexiblas.x86_64                                   3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                            3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                   3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
fmt.x86_64                                         7.0.3-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
folks.x86_64                                       1:0.14.0-5.fc33                        @anaconda             
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                           1:4.7.0-10.fc33                        @fedora               
fontconfig.x86_64                                  2.13.92-12.fc33                        @anaconda             
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                            2.13.92-12.fc33                        @fedora               
fonts-filesystem.noarch                            1:2.0.5-4.fc33                         @anaconda             
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                           1:2.0.5-4.fc33                         @fedora               
foomatic.x86_64                                    4.0.13-17.fc33                         @updates              
foomatic-db.noarch                                 4.0-70.20210209.fc33                   @updates              
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                      4.0-70.20210209.fc33                   @updates              
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                            4.0-70.20210209.fc33                   @updates              
fpaste.noarch                                      0.4.1.1-1.fc33                         @updates              
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                             1.3-2.fc33                             @fedora               
fprintd.x86_64                                     1.90.9-1.fc33                          @updates              
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                 1.90.9-1.fc33                          @updates              
freeglut.x86_64                                    3.2.1-6.fc33                           @fedora               
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                2:2.2.0-6.fc33                         @updates              
freetype.x86_64                                    2.10.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
freetype-devel.x86_64                              2.10.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                              1.7.0-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
fribidi.x86_64                                     1.0.10-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
fros.noarch                                        1.1-24.fc33                            @anaconda             
fros-gnome.noarch                                  1.1-24.fc33                            @anaconda             
fstrm.x86_64                                       0.6.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
ftgl.x86_64                                        2.1.3-0.23.rc5.fc33                    @fedora               
ftgl-devel.x86_64                                  2.1.3-0.23.rc5.fc33                    @fedora               
fuse.x86_64                                        2.9.9-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
fuse-common.x86_64                                 3.9.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
fuse-libs.x86_64                                   2.9.9-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                              1.4.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
fuse3.x86_64                                       3.9.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                  3.9.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
fwupd.x86_64                                       1.5.8-1.fc33                           @updates              
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                       1.5.8-1.fc33                           @updates              
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                  1.5.8-1.fc33                           @updates              
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64              1.5.8-1.fc33                           @updates              
gamemode.x86_64                                    1.6-1.fc33                             @updates              
gavl.x86_64                                        1.4.0-17.fc33                          @anaconda             
gawk.x86_64                                        5.1.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                          5.1.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
gc.x86_64                                          8.0.4-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
gcc.x86_64                                         10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
gcc-c++.x86_64                                     10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                              10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
gcr.x86_64                                         3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gcr-base.x86_64                                    3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gd.x86_64                                          2.3.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
gdb.x86_64                                         10.1-4.fc33                            @updates              
gdb-headless.x86_64                                10.1-4.fc33                            @updates              
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                   1:1.19-1.fc33                          @updates              
gdisk.x86_64                                       1.0.7-1.fc33                           @updates              
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                 2.42.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                         2.42.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
gdm.x86_64                                         1:3.38.2.1-1.fc33                      @updates              
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                       10.24-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
gedit.x86_64                                       2:3.38.2-1.fc33                        @updates              
gegl04.x86_64                                      0.4.26-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
genisoimage.x86_64                                 1.1.11-46.fc33                         @anaconda             
geoclue2.x86_64                                    2.5.6-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                               2.5.6-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
geocode-glib.x86_64                                3.26.2-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
geolite2-city.noarch                               20191217-3.fc33                        @anaconda             
geolite2-country.noarch                            20191217-3.fc33                        @anaconda             
gerbv.x86_64                                       2.7.0-7.fc33                           @fedora               
gettext.x86_64                                     0.21-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
gettext-libs.x86_64                                0.21-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
gfbgraph.x86_64                                    0.2.3-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                             1.5.0-3.fc33                           @fedora               
ghostscript.x86_64                                 9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates              
ghostscript-core.x86_64                            9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates              
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                     9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates              
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                  9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates              
giflib.x86_64                                      5.2.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
git.x86_64                                         2.30.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
git-core.x86_64                                    2.30.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
git-core-doc.noarch                                2.30.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gjs.x86_64                                         1.66.2-4.fc33                          @updates              
gl-manpages.noarch                                 1.1-21.20190306.fc33                   @fedora               
glew-devel.x86_64                                  2.1.0-8.fc33                           @fedora               
glib-networking.x86_64                             2.66.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
glib2.x86_64                                       2.66.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
glib2-devel.x86_64                                 2.66.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
glibc.x86_64                                       2.32-4.fc33                            @updates              
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                         2.32-4.fc33                            @updates              
glibc-common.x86_64                                2.32-4.fc33                            @updates              
glibc-devel.x86_64                                 2.32-4.fc33                            @updates              
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                           2.32-4.fc33                            @updates              
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                           2.32-4.fc33                            @updates              
glibmm24.x86_64                                    2.64.5-3.fc33                          @updates              
glusterfs.x86_64                                   8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                               8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                    8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                              8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
glx-utils.x86_64                                   8.4.0-8.20181118git1830dcb.fc33        @anaconda             
gmp.x86_64                                         1:6.2.0-5.fc33                         @anaconda             
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                            4-12.fc33                              @fedora               
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                  1.3.6-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                0.2.4-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                           3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                             1:3.34.3-3.fc33                        @updates              
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                        1:3.34.3-3.fc33                        @updates              
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                 3.38.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-calculator.x86_64                            3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-calendar.x86_64                              3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-characters.x86_64                            3.34.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-classic-session.noarch                       3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                         3.36.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-contacts.x86_64                              3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-control-center.x86_64                        3.38.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch             3.38.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                              3.38.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                          3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                           3.34.0-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-getting-started-docs.noarch                  3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                            3.12.0-14.fc33                         @anaconda             
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                         3.38.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-keyring.x86_64                               3.36.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                           3.36.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-logs.x86_64                                  3.36.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-maps.x86_64                                  3.38.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-menus.x86_64                                 3.36.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                       3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                         3.34.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-photos.x86_64                                3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                        0.1.9-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                            3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-session.x86_64                               3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64               3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                      3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                       3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell.x86_64                                 3.38.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch             3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch       3.37.3-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell-extension-horizontal-workspaces.noarch 3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch   3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch           3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch            3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch           3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-software.x86_64                              3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                        3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-terminal.x86_64                              3.38.1-2.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                     3.38.1-2.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                          3.28-9.fc33                            @anaconda             
gnome-tour.x86_64                                  3.38.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                3.34.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-user-docs.noarch                             3.38.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
gnome-user-share.x86_64                            3.34.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnome-video-effects.noarch                         0.5.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
gnome-weather.noarch                               3.36.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
gnupg2.x86_64                                      2.2.25-2.fc33                          @updates              
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                2.2.25-2.fc33                          @updates              
gnuplot.x86_64                                     5.2.8-6.fc33                           @fedora               
gnuplot-common.x86_64                              5.2.8-6.fc33                           @fedora               
gnutls.x86_64                                      3.6.15-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
go-srpm-macros.noarch                              3.0.9-1.fc33                           @fedora               
gobject-introspection.x86_64                       1.66.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gom.x86_64                                         0.4-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                        1.103-0.15.20130920.fc33               @anaconda             
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                     20200215-8.fc33                        @anaconda             
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                20190416-7.fc33                        @anaconda             
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch               20200916-1.fc33                        @updates              
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                    20181223-8.fc33                        @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch              20190416-7.fc33                        @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch             20181223-8.fc33                        @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-8.fc33                        @anaconda             
gperf.x86_64                                       3.1-10.fc33                            @fedora               
gperftools-libs.x86_64                             2.8.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
gpgme.x86_64                                       1.14.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
gpgmepp.x86_64                                     1.14.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
gpm-libs.x86_64                                    1.20.7-24.fc33                         @fedora               
graphene.x86_64                                    1.10.4-2.fc33                          @updates              
graphite2.x86_64                                   1.3.14-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
graphviz.x86_64                                    2.44.0-14.fc33.1                       @fedora               
graphviz-devel.x86_64                              2.44.0-14.fc33.1                       @fedora               
graphviz-devil.x86_64                              2.44.0-14.fc33.1                       @fedora               
graphviz-gd.x86_64                                 2.44.0-14.fc33.1                       @fedora               
grep.x86_64                                        3.4-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
grilo.x86_64                                       0.3.13-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
grilo-plugins.x86_64                               0.3.12-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
groff-base.x86_64                                  1.22.4-4.fc33                          @updates              
grpc.x86_64                                        1.26.0-8.fc33                          @updates              
grub2-common.noarch                                1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                              1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                       1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                               1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                        1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-pc.x86_64                                    1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                            1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-tools.x86_64                                 1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                             1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                           1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                         1:2.04-33.fc33                         @updates              
grubby.x86_64                                      8.40-47.fc33                           @anaconda             
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                   3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
gsl.x86_64                                         2.6-3.fc33                             @fedora               
gsl-devel.x86_64                                   2.6-3.fc33                             @fedora               
gsm.x86_64                                         1.0.19-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
gsound.x86_64                                      1.0.2-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
gspell.x86_64                                      1.8.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
gssdp.x86_64                                       1.2.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
gssproxy.x86_64                                    0.8.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
gst-editing-services.x86_64                        1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gstreamer1.x86_64                                  1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                  1.16.2-2.fc33                          @fedora-cisco-openh264
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                 1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                     1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                     1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                 1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                  1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                       3.24.28-1.fc33                         @updates              
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                    1.0.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
gtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.33-1.fc33                         @updates              
gtk3.x86_64                                        3.24.28-1.fc33                         @updates              
gtkmm30.x86_64                                     3.24.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
gtksourceview4.x86_64                              4.8.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
gtkspell3.x86_64                                   3.0.10-6.fc33                          @fedora               
gts.x86_64                                         0.7.6-38.20121130.fc33                 @fedora               
guile.x86_64                                       5:2.0.14-21.fc33                       @anaconda             
guile22.x86_64                                     2.2.7-1.fc33                           @updates              
gupnp.x86_64                                       1.2.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
gupnp-av.x86_64                                    0.12.11-4.fc33                         @anaconda             
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                  0.10.5-13.fc33                         @anaconda             
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                   1.2.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
gutenprint.x86_64                                  5.3.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                             5.3.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                             5.3.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
gvfs.x86_64                                        1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                    1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                    1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-client.x86_64                                 1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                   1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                    1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                    1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                    1.46.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
gvnc.x86_64                                        1.0.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
gzip.x86_64                                        1.10-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
harfbuzz.x86_64                                    2.7.2-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                2.7.2-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                               540.1.linux3-22.fc33                   @anaconda             
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                          0.17-9.fc33                            @anaconda             
hostname.x86_64                                    3.23-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
hplip.x86_64                                       3.21.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
hplip-common.x86_64                                3.21.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
hplip-libs.x86_64                                  3.21.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                            1:1.001-3.20200428git336a529.fc33      @anaconda             
htop.x86_64                                        3.0.5-1.fc33                           @updates              
httpd.x86_64                                       2.4.46-9.fc33                          @updates              
httpd-filesystem.noarch                            2.4.46-9.fc33                          @updates              
httpd-tools.x86_64                                 2.4.46-9.fc33                          @updates              
hunspell.x86_64                                    1.7.0-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
hunspell-en.noarch                                 0.20140811.1-17.fc33                   @anaconda             
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                              0.20140811.1-17.fc33                   @anaconda             
hunspell-en-US.noarch                              0.20140811.1-17.fc33                   @anaconda             
hwdata.noarch                                      0.345-1.fc33                           @updates              
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                              0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda             
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                      0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda             
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda             
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                  0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda             
hypervvssd.x86_64                                  0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda             
hyphen.x86_64                                      2.8.8-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
hyphen-en.noarch                                   2.8.8-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
ibus.x86_64                                        1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates              
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                   1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates              
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                   1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates              
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                 1.5.4-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
ibus-kkc.x86_64                                    1.5.22-14.fc33                         @anaconda             
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                              1.11.93-3.fc33                         @updates              
ibus-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates              
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                              1.9.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                   1.4.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
ibus-qt.x86_64                                     1.3.3-28.fc33                          @anaconda             
ibus-setup.noarch                                  1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates              
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                         2.11.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                            3.0-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
ilmbase.x86_64                                     2.3.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                               1.3.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
inih.x86_64                                        49-2.fc33                              @anaconda             
initscripts.x86_64                                 10.04-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
inkscape.x86_64                                    1.0.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
ipcalc.x86_64                                      0.4.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
iproute.x86_64                                     5.9.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
iproute-tc.x86_64                                  5.9.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
ipset.x86_64                                       7.6-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
ipset-libs.x86_64                                  7.6-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
iptables.x86_64                                    1.8.5-6.fc33                           @updates              
iptables-libs.x86_64                               1.8.5-6.fc33                           @updates              
iptables-nft.x86_64                                1.8.5-6.fc33                           @updates              
iptstate.x86_64                                    2.2.6-11.fc33                          @anaconda             
iputils.x86_64                                     20200821-1.fc33                        @updates              
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                            1.3-27.fc33                            @anaconda             
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                            3.1-20.fc33                            @anaconda             
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                              20200823-1.git4bd064de.fc33            @anaconda             
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                       6.2.1.1-0.gitac87641.fc33.2            @anaconda             
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64              6.2.1.1-0.gitac87641.fc33.2            @anaconda             
isl.x86_64                                         0.16.1-12.fc33                         @anaconda             
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                             0.97-11.fc33                           @anaconda             
iso-codes.noarch                                   4.5.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
isomd5sum.x86_64                                   1:1.2.3-10.fc33                        @anaconda             
iwl100-firmware.noarch                             39.31.5.1-119.fc33                     @updates              
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                            1:39.31.5.1-119.fc33                   @updates              
iwl105-firmware.noarch                             18.168.6.1-119.fc33                    @updates              
iwl135-firmware.noarch                             18.168.6.1-119.fc33                    @updates              
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                            18.168.6.1-119.fc33                    @updates              
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                            18.168.6.1-119.fc33                    @updates              
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                            1:25.30.13.0-119.fc33                  @updates              
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                            15.32.2.9-119.fc33                     @updates              
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                            228.61.2.24-119.fc33                   @updates              
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                            8.83.5.1_1-119.fc33                    @updates              
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                            8.24.2.2-119.fc33                      @updates              
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                            9.221.4.1-119.fc33                     @updates              
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                         18.168.6.1-119.fc33                    @updates              
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                         18.168.6.1-119.fc33                    @updates              
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                            41.28.5.1-119.fc33                     @updates              
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                            1:25.30.13.0-119.fc33                  @updates              
jansson.x86_64                                     2.13.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
jasper-libs.x86_64                                 2.0.26-2.fc33                          @updates              
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                    1:11.0.10.0.9-0.fc33                   @updates              
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                     5.3.0-13.fc33                          @anaconda             
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                               0.19-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                2.1-19.fc33                            @anaconda             
jitterentropy.x86_64                               2.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                             0.003-31.fc33                          @anaconda             
jq.x86_64                                          1.6-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
js-jquery.noarch                                   3.5.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
json-c.x86_64                                      0.14-7.fc33                            @anaconda             
json-glib.x86_64                                   1.6.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
jsoncpp.x86_64                                     1.9.4-2.fc33                           @fedora               
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                 1:7.210-4.fc33                         @updates              
jwhois.x86_64                                      4.0-63.fc33                            @anaconda             
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                       20.08.1-1.fc33                         @fedora               
kbd.x86_64                                         2.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
kbd-legacy.noarch                                  2.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
kbd-misc.noarch                                    2.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
kde-filesystem.x86_64                              4-64.fc33                              @fedora               
kde-settings.noarch                                33.0-3.fc33                            @updates              
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                      20.08.1-1.fc33                         @fedora               
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                        005-9.20200220git80aab11.fc33          @anaconda             
keepass.x86_64                                     2.46-2.fc33                            @fedora               
kernel.x86_64                                      5.11.9-200.fc33                        @updates              
kernel.x86_64                                      5.11.10-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel.x86_64                                      5.11.11-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-core.x86_64                                 5.11.9-200.fc33                        @updates              
kernel-core.x86_64                                 5.11.10-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-core.x86_64                                 5.11.11-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-headers.x86_64                              5.11.11-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-modules.x86_64                              5.11.9-200.fc33                        @updates              
kernel-modules.x86_64                              5.11.10-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-modules.x86_64                              5.11.11-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                        5.11.9-200.fc33                        @updates              
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                        5.11.10-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                        5.11.11-200.fc33                       @updates              
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                          1.0-3.fc33                             @fedora               
kexec-tools.x86_64                                 2.0.21-4.fc33                          @updates              
keybinder3.x86_64                                  0.3.2-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
keyutils.x86_64                                    1.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
keyutils-libs.x86_64                               1.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
kf5-attica.x86_64                                  5.79.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                              5.79.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                             5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                   5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                              5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                 5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                             5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                            5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                             5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                          5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                             5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                  5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                             5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                            5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                               5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                            5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                       5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                              5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                   5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                   5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                             5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                   5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                           5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                 5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                        5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                 5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                             5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                        5.79.0-3.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                              5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                             5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                     5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                          5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                  5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                    5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                            5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                 5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                            5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                          5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                           5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                 5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                               20.08.1-1.fc33                         @fedora               
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                 5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-solid.x86_64                                   5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                             5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                               5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                            5.79.0-2.fc33                          @updates              
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                          5.0-30.fc33                            @anaconda             
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                        5.0-30.fc33                            @anaconda             
kmod.x86_64                                        27-3.fc33                              @anaconda             
kmod-libs.x86_64                                   27-3.fc33                              @anaconda             
kpartx.x86_64                                      0.8.4-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
krb5-libs.x86_64                                   1.18.2-29.fc33                         @updates              
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                           1.2.78-1.fc33                          @updates              
ladspa.x86_64                                      1.13-25.fc33                           @anaconda             
lame-libs.x86_64                                   3.100-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
langpacks-core-en.noarch                           3.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                      3.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
langpacks-en.noarch                                3.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
langtable.noarch                                   0.0.54-1.fc33                          @updates              
lasi.x86_64                                        1.1.3-4.fc33                           @fedora               
latexmk.noarch                                     4.70b-1.fc33                           @fedora               
lcms2.x86_64                                       2.12-1.fc33                            @updates              
less.x86_64                                        551-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
libGLEW.x86_64                                     2.1.0-8.fc33                           @fedora               
libICE.x86_64                                      1.0.10-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
libRmath.x86_64                                    4.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
libSM.x86_64                                       1.2.3-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libX11.x86_64                                      1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates              
libX11-common.noarch                               1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates              
libX11-devel.x86_64                                1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates              
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                  1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates              
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                               1.2.3-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXau.x86_64                                      1.0.9-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXau-devel.x86_64                                1.0.9-4.fc33                           @fedora               
libXaw.x86_64                                      1.0.13-15.fc33                         @fedora               
libXcomposite.x86_64                               0.4.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXcursor.x86_64                                  1.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXdamage.x86_64                                  1.1.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXdmcp.x86_64                                    1.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXext.x86_64                                     1.3.4-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXext-devel.x86_64                               1.3.4-4.fc33                           @fedora               
libXfixes.x86_64                                   5.0.3-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
libXfont2.x86_64                                   2.0.3-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXft.x86_64                                      2.3.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXft-devel.x86_64                                2.3.3-4.fc33                           @fedora               
libXi.x86_64                                       1.7.10-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
libXinerama.x86_64                                 1.1.4-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXmu.x86_64                                      1.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXpm.x86_64                                      3.5.13-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                3.5.13-3.fc33                          @fedora               
libXrandr.x86_64                                   1.5.2-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXrender.x86_64                                  0.9.10-12.fc33                         @anaconda             
libXrender-devel.x86_64                            0.9.10-12.fc33                         @fedora               
libXres.x86_64                                     1.2.0-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXt.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXtst.x86_64                                     1.2.3-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
libXv.x86_64                                       1.0.11-12.fc33                         @anaconda             
libXvMC.x86_64                                     1.0.12-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                 1.1.5-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                  1.1.4-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
liba52.x86_64                                      0.7.4-39.fc33                          @anaconda             
libabw.x86_64                                      0.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                            1.25-4.fc33                            @fedora               
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                             1.16-2.fc33                            @fedora               
libacl.x86_64                                      2.2.53-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                              1.2.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
libaio.x86_64                                      0.3.111-10.fc33                        @anaconda             
libao.x86_64                                       1.2.0-19.fc33                          @anaconda             
libaom.x86_64                                      2.0.1-3.fc33                           @updates              
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                        12.10.0-29.fc33                        @fedora               
libappstream-glib.x86_64                           0.7.17-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libarchive.x86_64                                  3.5.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
libargon2.x86_64                                   20171227-5.fc33                        @anaconda             
libassuan.x86_64                                   2.5.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libasyncns.x86_64                                  0.8-19.fc33                            @anaconda             
libatasmart.x86_64                                 0.19-19.fc33                           @anaconda             
libattr.x86_64                                     2.4.48-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
libavc1394.x86_64                                  0.5.4-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
libbabeltrace.x86_64                               1.5.8-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libbasicobjects.x86_64                             0.1.1-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
libblkid.x86_64                                    2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
libblkid-devel.x86_64                              2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
libblockdev.x86_64                                 2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                           2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                          2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                              2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                              2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                             2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                            2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                             2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                          2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                           2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                          2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-part.x86_64                            2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                     2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                            2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                           2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
libbluray.x86_64                                   1.2.1-2.fc33                           @updates              
libbrotli.x86_64                                   1.0.9-3.fc33                           @updates              
libbsd.x86_64                                      0.10.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
libbytesize.x86_64                                 2.5-1.fc33                             @updates              
libc-client.x86_64                                 2007f-26.fc33                          @fedora               
libcacard.x86_64                                   3:2.7.0-5.fc33                         @anaconda             
libcanberra.x86_64                                 0.30-23.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                            0.30-23.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                            0.30-23.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcap.x86_64                                      2.48-2.fc33                            @updates              
libcap-ng.x86_64                                   0.8-1.fc33                             @anaconda             
libcbor.x86_64                                     0.5.0-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcdio.x86_64                                     2.1.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                            10.2+2.0.1-3.fc33                      @anaconda             
libcdr.x86_64                                      0.1.6-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcerf.x86_64                                     1.14-1.fc33                            @updates              
libchamplain.x86_64                                0.12.20-3.fc33                         @anaconda             
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                            0.12.20-3.fc33                         @anaconda             
libcloudproviders.x86_64                           0.3.1-2.fc33                           @fedora               
libcmis.x86_64                                     0.5.2-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcollection.x86_64                               0.7.0-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
libcom_err.x86_64                                  1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
libcomps.x86_64                                    0.1.15-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
libcue.x86_64                                      2.2.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libcurl.x86_64                                     7.71.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libdaemon.x86_64                                   0.14-20.fc33                           @anaconda             
libdatrie.x86_64                                   0.2.9-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
libdazzle.x86_64                                   3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libdb.x86_64                                       5.3.28-45.fc33                         @updates              
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                 16.04.0-16.fc33                        @fedora               
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                            16.04.0-16.fc33                        @fedora               
libdhash.x86_64                                    0.5.0-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
libdmapsharing.x86_64                              2.9.41-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
libdmx.x86_64                                      1.1.4-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
libdnf.x86_64                                      0.60.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
libdrm.x86_64                                      2.4.102-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                2.4.102-2.fc33                         @fedora               
libdv.x86_64                                       1.0.0-32.fc33                          @anaconda             
libdvdnav.x86_64                                   6.0.1-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libdvdread.x86_64                                  6.0.2-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libe-book.x86_64                                   0.1.3-15.fc33                          @anaconda             
libeconf.x86_64                                    0.3.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libedit.x86_64                                     3.1-33.20191231cvs.fc33                @anaconda             
libedit-devel.x86_64                               3.1-33.20191231cvs.fc33                @fedora               
libeot.x86_64                                      0.01-15.fc33                           @anaconda             
libepoxy.x86_64                                    1.5.5-1.fc33                           @updates              
libepubgen.x86_64                                  0.1.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                     1:2.1.3-1.fc33                         @updates              
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                       1:2.1.3-1.fc33                         @updates              
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                       1:2.1.3-1.fc33                         @updates              
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                      1:2.1.3-1.fc33                         @updates              
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                   2:20210315-119.fc33                    @updates              
libetonyek.x86_64                                  0.1.9-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
libev.x86_64                                       4.33-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
libevdev.x86_64                                    1.11.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
libevent.x86_64                                    2.1.8-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
libevent-devel.x86_64                              2.1.8-10.fc33                          @fedora               
libexif.x86_64                                     0.6.22-3.fc33                          @updates              
libexttextcat.x86_64                               3.4.5-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
libfdisk.x86_64                                    2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
libfdt.x86_64                                      1.6.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libffi.x86_64                                      3.1-26.fc33                            @anaconda             
libffi-devel.x86_64                                3.1-26.fc33                            @fedora               
libfido2.x86_64                                    1.4.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libfontenc.x86_64                                  1.1.3-13.fc33                          @anaconda             
libfprint.x86_64                                   1.90.7-1.fc33                          @updates              
libfreehand.x86_64                                 0.1.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
libftdi.x86_64                                     1.4-6.fc33                             @updates              
libgcab1.x86_64                                    1.4-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
libgcc.x86_64                                      10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libgcrypt.x86_64                                   1.8.7-1.fc33                           @updates              
libgdata.x86_64                                    0.17.13-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
libgdiplus.x86_64                                  6.0.4-4.fc33                           @fedora               
libgdither.x86_64                                  0.6-23.fc33                            @anaconda             
libgdl.x86_64                                      1:3.34.0-3.fc33                        @fedora               
libgee.x86_64                                      0.20.3-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libgexiv2.x86_64                                   0.12.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
libgfapi0.x86_64                                   8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
libgfortran.x86_64                                 10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                   8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                   8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
libglusterd0.x86_64                                8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
libglusterfs0.x86_64                               8.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
libglvnd.x86_64                                    1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                         1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @fedora               
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                              1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @fedora               
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                               1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                             1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @fedora               
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                 3.26.1-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
libgomp.x86_64                                     10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libgpg-error.x86_64                                1.41-1.fc33                            @updates              
libgphoto2.x86_64                                  2.5.27-1.fc33                          @updates              
libgpod.x86_64                                     0.8.3-36.fc33                          @anaconda             
libgrss.x86_64                                     0.7.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda             
libgs.x86_64                                       9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates              
libgsf.x86_64                                      1.14.47-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
libgtop2.x86_64                                    2.40.0-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
libgudev.x86_64                                    234-1.fc33                             @anaconda             
libgusb.x86_64                                     0.3.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
libgweather.x86_64                                 3.36.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
libgxps.x86_64                                     0.3.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libhandy.x86_64                                    0.0.13-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
libhandy1.x86_64                                   1.0.3-1.fc33                           @updates              
libhangul.x86_64                                   0.1.0-22.fc33                          @anaconda             
libibumad.x86_64                                   34.0-1.fc33                            @updates              
libibverbs.x86_64                                  34.0-1.fc33                            @updates              
libical.x86_64                                     3.0.9-1.fc33                           @updates              
libical-glib.x86_64                                3.0.9-1.fc33                           @updates              
libicu.x86_64                                      67.1-4.fc33                            @anaconda             
libicu-devel.x86_64                                67.1-4.fc33                            @fedora               
libidn2.x86_64                                     2.3.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libiec61883.x86_64                                 1.2.0-24.fc33                          @anaconda             
libieee1284.x86_64                                 0.2.11-34.fc33                         @anaconda             
libijs.x86_64                                      0.35-12.fc33                           @anaconda             
libimagequant.x86_64                               2.12.6-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
libimobiledevice.x86_64                            1.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                           12.10.1-19.fc33                        @fedora               
libini_config.x86_64                               1.3.1-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
libinput.x86_64                                    1.16.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                 2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
libipt.x86_64                                      2.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
libiptcdata.x86_64                                 1.0.5-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libiscsi.x86_64                                    1.19.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libjaylink.x86_64                                  0.2.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
libjcat.x86_64                                     0.1.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                               2.0.5-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libkcapi.x86_64                                    1.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                           1.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libkkc.x86_64                                      0.3.5-18.fc33                          @anaconda             
libkkc-common.noarch                               0.3.5-18.fc33                          @anaconda             
libkkc-data.x86_64                                 1:0.2.7-18.fc33                        @anaconda             
libksba.x86_64                                     1.3.5-13.fc33                          @anaconda             
liblangtag.x86_64                                  0.6.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
liblangtag-data.noarch                             0.6.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libldac.x86_64                                     2.0.2.3-7.fc33                         @fedora               
libldb.x86_64                                      2.2.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
liblockfile.x86_64                                 1.14-6.fc33                            @fedora               
liblouis.x86_64                                    3.15.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
liblqr-1.x86_64                                    0.4.2-15.fc33                          @fedora               
liblrdf.x86_64                                     0.5.0-20.fc33                          @anaconda             
liblzf.x86_64                                      3.6-20.fc33                            @fedora               
libmarkdown.x86_64                                 2.2.4-5.fc33                           @fedora               
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                1.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
libmbim.x86_64                                     1.24.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
libmbim-utils.x86_64                               1.24.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
libmcpp.x86_64                                     2.7.2-26.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmediaart.x86_64                                 1.9.4-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmemcached-libs.x86_64                           1.0.18-20.fc33                         @fedora               
libmetalink.x86_64                                 0.1.3-13.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmicrodns.x86_64                                 0.1.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libmng.x86_64                                      2.0.3-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmnl.x86_64                                      1.0.4-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmodman.x86_64                                   2.0.1-23.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmodulemd.x86_64                                 2.12.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
libmount.x86_64                                    2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
libmount-devel.x86_64                              2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
libmpc.x86_64                                      1.1.0-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
libmpeg2.x86_64                                    0.5.1-21.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmspack.x86_64                                   0.10.1-0.4.alpha.fc33                  @anaconda             
libmspub.x86_64                                    0.1.4-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmtp.x86_64                                      1.1.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                             5.1.0-16.fc33                          @anaconda             
libmwaw.x86_64                                     0.3.17-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libndp.x86_64                                      1.7-6.fc33                             @anaconda             
libnet.x86_64                                      1.2-1.fc33                             @updates              
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                      1.0.7-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                1.0.1-18.fc33                          @anaconda             
libnfs.x86_64                                      4.0.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                 1:2.5.3-1.fc33                         @updates              
libnftnl.x86_64                                    1.1.7-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libnghttp2.x86_64                                  1.43.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
libnice.x86_64                                     0.1.17-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
libnl3.x86_64                                      3.5.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                  3.5.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libnma.x86_64                                      1.8.30-1.fc33.2                        @anaconda             
libnotify.x86_64                                   0.7.9-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libnsl2.x86_64                                     1.2.0-8.20180605git4a062cf.fc33        @anaconda             
libnumbertext.x86_64                               1.0.6-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
liboauth.x86_64                                    1.0.3-15.fc33                          @anaconda             
libodfgen.x86_64                                   0.1.8-1.fc33                           @updates              
libogg.x86_64                                      2:1.3.4-3.fc33                         @anaconda             
libomp.x86_64                                      11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
libomp-devel.x86_64                                11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
libopenmpt.x86_64                                  0.4.17-1.fc33                          @updates              
liborcus.x86_64                                    0.15.3-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
libosinfo.x86_64                                   1.8.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libotf.x86_64                                      0.9.13-17.fc33                         @fedora               
libpagemaker.x86_64                                0.0.4-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
libpaper.x86_64                                    1.1.28-1.fc33                          @updates              
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                 1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libpath_utils.x86_64                               0.2.1-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
libpcap.x86_64                                     14:1.10.0-1.fc33                       @updates              
libpciaccess.x86_64                                0.16-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
libpeas.x86_64                                     1.28.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                 1.28.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                      1.28.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libphodav.x86_64                                   2.5-2.fc33                             @updates              
libphonenumber.x86_64                              8.12.11-1.fc33                         @updates              
libpinyin.x86_64                                   2.4.91-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libpinyin-data.x86_64                              2.4.91-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libpipeline.x86_64                                 1.5.2-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libpkgconf.x86_64                                  1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates              
libplist.x86_64                                    2.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libpmem.x86_64                                     1.9-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
libpng.x86_64                                      2:1.6.37-6.fc33                        @updates              
libpng-devel.x86_64                                2:1.6.37-6.fc33                        @updates              
libportal.x86_64                                   0.3-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
libpq.x86_64                                       12.6-1.fc33                            @updates              
libproxy.x86_64                                    0.4.15-25.fc33                         @anaconda             
libproxy-mozjs.x86_64                              0.4.15-25.fc33                         @anaconda             
libpskc.x86_64                                     2.6.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
libpsl.x86_64                                      0.21.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libpwquality.x86_64                                1.4.4-2.fc33                           @updates              
libqb.x86_64                                       2.0.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libqmi.x86_64                                      1.26.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                1.26.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                             1.6.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libquadmath.x86_64                                 10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                           10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libqxp.x86_64                                      0.0.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
librados2.x86_64                                   2:15.2.10-1.fc33                       @updates              
libraqm.x86_64                                     0.7.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libraw1394.x86_64                                  2.1.2-12.fc33                          @anaconda             
librbd1.x86_64                                     2:15.2.10-1.fc33                       @updates              
librdmacm.x86_64                                   34.0-1.fc33                            @updates              
libref_array.x86_64                                0.1.5-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                            1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-core.x86_64                            1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-data.noarch                            1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                      1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                         1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                   1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                            1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                         1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                         1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                     1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                        1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                       1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                           1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                             1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                      1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                          1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                             1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                      1:7.0.5.2-1.fc33                       @updates              
librepo.x86_64                                     1.13.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
libreport.x86_64                                   2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                          2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-cli.x86_64                               2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-fedora.x86_64                            2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-filesystem.noarch                        2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-gtk.x86_64                               2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                   2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                 2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                     2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64             2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64            2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                    2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
libreport-web.x86_64                               2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
librevenge.x86_64                                  0.0.4-19.fc33                          @anaconda             
librsvg2.x86_64                                    2.50.3-1.fc33                          @updates              
librsync.x86_64                                    2.3.1-3.fc33                           @fedora               
libsamplerate.x86_64                               0.1.9-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
libsane-airscan.x86_64                             0.99.24-1.fc33                         @updates              
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                               3.21.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
libsbc.x86_64                                      1.4-6.fc33                             @anaconda             
libseccomp.x86_64                                  2.5.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libsecret.x86_64                                   0.20.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
libselinux.x86_64                                  3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
libselinux-devel.x86_64                            3.1-2.fc33                             @fedora               
libselinux-utils.x86_64                            3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
libsemanage.x86_64                                 3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
libsepol.x86_64                                    3.1-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
libsepol-devel.x86_64                              3.1-3.fc33                             @fedora               
libshout.x86_64                                    2.4.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libsigc++20.x86_64                                 2.10.6-1.fc33                          @updates              
libsigsegv.x86_64                                  2.11-11.fc33                           @anaconda             
libslirp.x86_64                                    4.3.1-3.fc33                           @updates              
libsmartcols.x86_64                                2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
libsmbclient.x86_64                                2:4.13.5-0.fc33                        @updates              
libsmbios.x86_64                                   2.4.3-1.fc33                           @updates              
libsndfile.x86_64                                  1.0.31-3.fc33                          @updates              
libsodium.x86_64                                   1.0.18-6.fc33                          @fedora               
libsolv.x86_64                                     0.7.17-1.fc33                          @updates              
libsoup.x86_64                                     2.72.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
libspectre.x86_64                                  0.2.9-3.fc33                           @updates              
libsrtp.x86_64                                     2.3.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libss.x86_64                                       1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
libssh.x86_64                                      0.9.5-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
libssh-config.noarch                               0.9.5-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
libssh2.x86_64                                     1.9.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libsss_autofs.x86_64                               2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
libsss_certmap.x86_64                              2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                            2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                 2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
libstaroffice.x86_64                               0.0.7-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libstdc++.x86_64                                   10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                             10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates              
libstemmer.x86_64                                  0-15.585svn.fc33                       @anaconda             
libsysfs.x86_64                                    2.1.0-30.fc33                          @anaconda             
libtalloc.x86_64                                   2.3.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libtar.x86_64                                      1.2.20-20.fc33                         @anaconda             
libtasn1.x86_64                                    4.16.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
libtdb.x86_64                                      1.4.3-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libteam.x86_64                                     1.31-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
libtevent.x86_64                                   0.10.2-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
libtextstyle.x86_64                                0.21-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
libthai.x86_64                                     0.1.28-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
libtheora.x86_64                                   1:1.1.1-28.fc33                        @anaconda             
libtiff.x86_64                                     4.1.0-6.fc33                           @updates              
libtimezonemap.x86_64                              0.4.5.1-8.fc33                         @anaconda             
libtirpc.x86_64                                    1.2.6-2.rc4.fc33                       @anaconda             
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                 1.18.2-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
libtommath.x86_64                                  1.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libtool.x86_64                                     2.4.6-36.fc33                          @fedora               
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                2.4.6-36.fc33                          @anaconda             
libtracker-control.x86_64                          2.3.6-2.fc33                           @updates              
libtracker-miner.x86_64                            2.3.6-2.fc33                           @updates              
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                           2.3.6-2.fc33                           @updates              
libtracker-sparql3.x86_64                          3.0.3-1.fc33                           @updates              
libudisks2.x86_64                                  2.9.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libunistring.x86_64                                0.9.10-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
libunwind.x86_64                                   1.4.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
liburing.x86_64                                    0.7-3.fc33                             @updates              
libusal.x86_64                                     1.1.11-46.fc33                         @anaconda             
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                  2.0.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libusbx.x86_64                                     1.0.24-2.fc33                          @updates              
libuser.x86_64                                     0.62-26.fc33                           @anaconda             
libutempter.x86_64                                 1.2.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
libuuid.x86_64                                     2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
libuv.x86_64                                       1:1.40.0-1.fc33                        @fedora               
libv4l.x86_64                                      1.20.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libva.x86_64                                       2.9.0-1.fc33                           @fedora               
libverto.x86_64                                    0.3.0-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
libverto-libev.x86_64                              0.3.0-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                              6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64               6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64             6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64               6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64               6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64              6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                  6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64               6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64          6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64          6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64       6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64         6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64  6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64       6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64         6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64           6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64          6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64      6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64           6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                          6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                             3.0.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                3.0.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                             3.0.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                6.6.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
libvisio.x86_64                                    0.1.7-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
libvisual.x86_64                                   1:0.4.0-29.fc33                        @anaconda             
libvmaf.x86_64                                     1.5.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libvncserver.x86_64                                0.9.13-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
libvorbis.x86_64                                   1:1.3.7-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
libvpx.x86_64                                      1.9.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
libwacom.x86_64                                    1.8-2.fc33                             @updates              
libwacom-data.noarch                               1.8-2.fc33                             @updates              
libwayland-client.x86_64                           1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                           1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libwayland-egl.x86_64                              1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libwayland-server.x86_64                           1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libwbclient.x86_64                                 2:4.13.5-0.fc33                        @updates              
libwebp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
libwinpr.x86_64                                    2:2.2.0-6.fc33                         @updates              
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                 0.2.12-4.fc33                          @fedora               
libwnck3.x86_64                                    3.36.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
libwpd.x86_64                                      0.10.3-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
libwpe.x86_64                                      1.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
libwpg.x86_64                                      0.3.3-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
libwps.x86_64                                      0.4.12-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libwsman1.x86_64                                   2.6.8-17.fc33                          @updates              
libxcb.x86_64                                      1.13.1-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                1.13.1-5.fc33                          @fedora               
libxcrypt.x86_64                                   4.4.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                            4.4.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                             4.4.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
libxdo.x86_64                                      1:3.20150503.1-11.fc33                 @fedora               
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                1.0.1-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                            1.0.1-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
libxkbfile.x86_64                                  1.1.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
libxklavier.x86_64                                 5.4-16.fc33                            @anaconda             
libxml2.x86_64                                     2.9.10-8.fc33                          @updates              
libxml2-devel.x86_64                               2.9.10-8.fc33                          @updates              
libxmlb.x86_64                                     0.2.1-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
libxshmfence.x86_64                                1.3-7.fc33                             @anaconda             
libxslt.x86_64                                     1.1.34-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
libyaml.x86_64                                     0.2.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
libzapojit.x86_64                                  0.0.3-18.fc33                          @anaconda             
libzhuyin.x86_64                                   2.4.91-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
libzip.x86_64                                      1.7.3-3.fc33                           @fedora               
libzmf.x86_64                                      0.0.2-15.fc33                          @anaconda             
libzstd.x86_64                                     1.4.9-1.fc33                           @updates              
lilv.x86_64                                        0.24.10-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                              2.5.1-27.fc33                          @anaconda             
linux-firmware.noarch                              20210315-119.fc33                      @updates              
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                       20210315-119.fc33                      @updates              
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                1.0.18-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
llvm.x86_64                                        11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
llvm-devel.x86_64                                  11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
llvm-libs.x86_64                                   11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
llvm-static.x86_64                                 11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
llvm-test.x86_64                                   11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                   0.9.28-1.fc33                          @updates              
lockdev.x86_64                                     1.0.4-0.34.20111007git.fc33            @anaconda             
logrotate.x86_64                                   3.17.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                        2.91.5-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                         2.91.5-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                      2.95.4-11.fc33                         @anaconda             
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                        2.92.4-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                         2.5.4-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                            2.91.2-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                           2.91.3-10.fc33                         @anaconda             
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                          2.5.5-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                          2.1-1.fc33                             @updates              
lpsolve.x86_64                                     5.5.2.0-25.fc33                        @anaconda             
lrzsz.x86_64                                       0.12.20-51.fc33                        @anaconda             
lsof.x86_64                                        4.93.2-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
lttng-ust.x86_64                                   2.12.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
lua.x86_64                                         5.4.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
lua-libs.x86_64                                    5.4.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
lua-posix.x86_64                                   35.0-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                             1-3.fc33                               @updates              
lv2.x86_64                                         1.18.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
lvm2.x86_64                                        2.03.10-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                   2.03.10-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
lz4-libs.x86_64                                    1.9.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
lzo.x86_64                                         2.10-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
lzop.x86_64                                        1.04-5.fc33                            @anaconda             
m17n-db.noarch                                     1.8.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda             
m17n-lib.x86_64                                    1.8.0-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
m4.x86_64                                          1.4.18-15.fc33                         @fedora               
mactel-boot.x86_64                                 0.9-23.fc33                            @anaconda             
mailcap.noarch                                     2.1.49-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
make.x86_64                                        1:4.3-2.fc33                           @fedora               
man-db.x86_64                                      2.9.2-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
man-pages.noarch                                   5.07-3.fc33                            @updates              
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                         3.1.12-1.fc33                          @updates              
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                  3.1.12-1.fc33                          @updates              
mariadb-connector-c-devel.x86_64                   3.1.12-1.fc33                          @updates              
mariadb-devel.x86_64                               3:10.4.18-1.fc33                       @updates              
marisa.x86_64                                      0.2.4-47.fc33                          @anaconda             
mcelog.x86_64                                      3:168-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
mcpp.x86_64                                        2.7.2-26.fc33                          @anaconda             
mdadm.x86_64                                       4.1-6.fc33                             @anaconda             
mdevctl.noarch                                     0.78-1.fc33                            @updates              
media-player-info.noarch                           23-7.fc33                              @anaconda             
memstrack.x86_64                                   0.1.9-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
memtest86+.x86_64                                  5.31-0.2.beta.fc33                     @anaconda             
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                            20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                             20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                 20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                           20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                  20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                            20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                 9.0.1-3.fc33                           @fedora               
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                           9.0.1-3.fc33                           @fedora               
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                 20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                               20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                           20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                         20.3.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
microcode_ctl.x86_64                               2:2.1-43.1.fc33                        @updates              
mkpasswd.x86_64                                    5.5.9-1.fc33                           @updates              
mlocate.x86_64                                     0.26-27.fc33                           @updates              
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch              20190618-4.fc33                        @anaconda             
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                   0.6-23.fc33                            @anaconda             
mod_http2.x86_64                                   1.15.14-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
mod_lua.x86_64                                     2.4.46-9.fc33                          @updates              
mokutil.x86_64                                     2:0.4.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
mono-core.x86_64                                   6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mono-data.x86_64                                   6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mono-data-sqlite.x86_64                            6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mono-extras.x86_64                                 6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mono-mvc.x86_64                                    6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mono-wcf.x86_64                                    6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mono-web.x86_64                                    6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mono-winforms.x86_64                               6.8.0-8.fc33                           @updates              
mousetweaks.x86_64                                 3.32.0-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                          1.9-23.fc33                            @anaconda             
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                            2.1.1-1.fc33                           @fedora-cisco-openh264
mozjs68.x86_64                                     68.12.0-1.fc33                         @anaconda             
mozjs78.x86_64                                     78.9.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
mpage.x86_64                                       2.5.7-10.fc33                          @anaconda             
mpfr.x86_64                                        4.1.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                 1.26.2-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
mtdev.x86_64                                       1.1.5-18.fc33                          @anaconda             
mtools.x86_64                                      4.0.26-1.fc33                          @updates              
mtr.x86_64                                         2:0.94-1.fc33                          @updates              
mutter.x86_64                                      3.38.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
mythes.x86_64                                      1.2.4-15.fc33                          @anaconda             
mythes-en.noarch                                   3.0-30.fc33                            @anaconda             
nano.x86_64                                        5.3-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
nano-default-editor.noarch                         5.3-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
nautilus.x86_64                                    3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                         3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
ncftp.x86_64                                       2:3.2.5-21.fc33                        @fedora               
ncurses.x86_64                                     6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @anaconda             
ncurses-base.noarch                                6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @anaconda             
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                            6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @fedora               
ncurses-devel.x86_64                               6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @fedora               
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @anaconda             
ndctl.x86_64                                       71.1-1.fc33                            @updates              
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                  71.1-1.fc33                            @updates              
neon.x86_64                                        0.31.2-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                               1:5.9-4.fc33                           @updates              
net-tools.x86_64                                   2.0-0.58.20160912git.fc33              @anaconda             
netcf-libs.x86_64                                  0.2.8-16.fc33                          @anaconda             
netpbm.x86_64                                      10.93.00-1.fc33                        @updates              
nettle.x86_64                                      3.6-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
nextcloud.noarch                                   19.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
nextcloud-client.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
nextcloud-client-libs.x86_64                       3.1.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
nextcloud-httpd.noarch                             19.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
nextcloud-mysql.noarch                             19.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates              
nfs-utils.x86_64                                   1:2.5.3-1.fc33                         @updates              
nftables.x86_64                                    1:0.9.3-8.fc33                         @updates              
nginx-filesystem.noarch                            1:1.18.0-3.fc33                        @fedora               
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                             3-3.fc33                               @fedora               
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                        1.18.0-1.fc33.1                        @anaconda             
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                   2:7.80-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
npth.x86_64                                        1.6-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
nspr.x86_64                                        4.30.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
nss.x86_64                                         3.63.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
nss-mdns.x86_64                                    0.14.1-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
nss-softokn.x86_64                                 3.63.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                          3.63.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                 3.63.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
nss-util.x86_64                                    3.63.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                     2:2017.3.23-14.fc33                    @anaconda             
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                  1.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                   2:2017.3.23-14.fc33                    @anaconda             
numactl-libs.x86_64                                2.0.14-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
numad.x86_64                                       0.5-32.20150602git.fc33                @anaconda             
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                           6-3.fc33                               @fedora               
oddjob.x86_64                                      0.34.7-1.fc33                          @updates              
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                            0.34.7-1.fc33                          @updates              
okular.x86_64                                      20.08.1-1.fc33                         @fedora               
okular-libs.x86_64                                 20.08.1-1.fc33                         @fedora               
okular-part.x86_64                                 20.08.1-1.fc33                         @fedora               
oldstandard-sfd-fonts.noarch                       2.0.2-28.fc33                          @fedora               
oniguruma.x86_64                                   6.9.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
open-vm-tools.x86_64                               11.2.5-5.fc33                          @updates              
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                       11.2.5-5.fc33                          @updates              
openal-soft.x86_64                                 1.19.1-9.fc33                          @fedora               
openblas.x86_64                                    0.3.12-1.fc33                          @updates              
openblas-openmp.x86_64                             0.3.12-1.fc33                          @updates              
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                        2-8.fc33                               @fedora               
openconnect.x86_64                                 8.10-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
openh264.x86_64                                    2.1.1-1.fc33                           @fedora-cisco-openh264
openjpeg2.x86_64                                   2.3.1-10.fc33                          @updates              
openldap.x86_64                                    2.4.50-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
openldap-devel.x86_64                              2.4.50-5.fc33                          @fedora               
openresolv.noarch                                  3.12.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
opensc.x86_64                                      0.21.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
openssh.x86_64                                     8.4p1-5.fc33                           @updates              
openssh-clients.x86_64                             8.4p1-5.fc33                           @updates              
openssh-server.x86_64                              8.4p1-5.fc33                           @updates              
openssl.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1k-1.fc33                        @updates              
openssl-devel.x86_64                               1:1.1.1k-1.fc33                        @updates              
openssl-libs.x86_64                                1:1.1.1k-1.fc33                        @updates              
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                              0.4.10-7.fc33                          @anaconda             
openvpn.x86_64                                     2.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates              
opus.x86_64                                        1.3.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
orc.x86_64                                         0.4.31-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
orca.noarch                                        3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
os-prober.x86_64                                   1.77-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
osinfo-db.noarch                                   20210312-1.fc33                        @updates              
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                             1.8.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
ostree.x86_64                                      2021.1-2.fc33                          @updates              
ostree-libs.x86_64                                 2021.1-2.fc33                          @updates              
p11-kit.x86_64                                     0.23.22-2.fc33                         @updates              
p11-kit-server.x86_64                              0.23.22-2.fc33                         @updates              
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                               0.23.22-2.fc33                         @updates              
pakchois.x86_64                                    0.4-22.fc33                            @anaconda             
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                   5.0-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
pam.x86_64                                         1.4.0-10.fc33                          @updates              
pam_afs_session.x86_64                             2.6-13.fc33                            @anaconda             
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
pango.x86_64                                       1.48.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
pangomm.x86_64                                     2.42.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
paps.x86_64                                        0.6.8-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
paps-libs.x86_64                                   0.6.8-46.fc33                          @anaconda             
parted.x86_64                                      3.3-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
passwd.x86_64                                      0.80-9.fc33                            @anaconda             
passwdqc.x86_64                                    1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                              1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                  1.1-6.fc33                             @anaconda             
pciutils.x86_64                                    3.7.0-3.fc33                           @updates              
pciutils-libs.x86_64                               3.7.0-3.fc33                           @updates              
pcre.x86_64                                        8.44-2.fc33                            @updates              
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                    8.44-2.fc33                            @updates              
pcre-devel.x86_64                                  8.44-2.fc33                            @updates              
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                  8.44-2.fc33                            @updates              
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                  8.44-2.fc33                            @updates              
pcre2.x86_64                                       10.36-4.fc33                           @updates              
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                 10.36-4.fc33                           @updates              
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                10.36-4.fc33                           @updates              
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                 10.36-4.fc33                           @updates              
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                 10.36-4.fc33                           @updates              
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                   1.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                              1.4.34-1.fc33                          @updates              
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                              1.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
pdfpc.x86_64                                       4.5.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                         1.1903-17.fc33                         @fedora               
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                            2.38-3.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                            2.16-22.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                             5.74-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-B.x86_64                                      1.80-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                     0.24-12.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-BibTeX-Parser.noarch                          1.02-9.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                             7.4-21.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                          3.005-4.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                     20191107-4.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                          1.201-7.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                          1.004-3.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Carp.noarch                                   1.50-457.fc33                          @anaconda             
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                              6.08-5.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                         0.51-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                 0.08-36.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                        1.36-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                 2.13-5.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                        1.5-17.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                           0.66-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                       1.19-22.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Clone.x86_64                                  0.45-3.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                     2.096-1.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                      2.096-1.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                      2.096-1.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                           0.27-21.fc33                           @updates              
perl-Crypt-RC4.noarch                              2.02-26.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                           1.27-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                              1.23-15.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                            2.174-459.fc33                         @anaconda             
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                           0.110-14.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                            0.12-23.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                              6.4-17.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                           0.005-10.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                             6.83-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-DateTime.x86_64                               2:1.52-4.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch               0.102-4.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                0.8300-1.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch               1:1.77-3.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                        1.30-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                      2.47-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch              0.010-11.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch               0.011-11.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                      0.008-11.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                           2.06-23.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                0.14-13.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                         0.05-24.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                       1:2.04-7.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Digest.noarch                                 1.19-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                            1.03-26.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Digest-MD4.x86_64                             1.9-26.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                             2.58-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-Digest-Perl-MD5.noarch                        1.9-21.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                             1:6.02-458.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                            2.13-31.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-DirHandle.noarch                              1.05-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                    0.11-20.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                             1.47-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                   0.003-10.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                      1.005-17.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Encode.x86_64                                 4:3.08-458.fc33                        @updates              
perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII.x86_64                      0.03-31.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Encode-HanExtra.x86_64                        0.23-31.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Encode-JIS2K.x86_64                           0.03-16.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                          1.05-18.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-English.noarch                                1.11-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Errno.x86_64                                  1.30-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Error.noarch                                  1:0.17029-4.fc33                       @anaconda             
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                           0.14-13.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                        1.44-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Exporter.noarch                               5.74-458.fc33                          @anaconda             
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                          1.002002-3.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                      2:7.46-3.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                  1.13-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-File-Basename.noarch                          2.85-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-File-Compare.noarch                           1.100.600-468.fc33                     @updates              
perl-File-Copy.noarch                              2.34-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch                    0.45-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-File-Find.noarch                              1.37-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                         0.34-16.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                           1.004-9.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-File-Listing.noarch                           6.07-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-File-Path.noarch                              2.18-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                          1.116-9.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                           0.012-9.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-File-Temp.noarch                              1:0.231.100-1.fc33                     @updates              
perl-File-Which.noarch                             1.23-7.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-File-stat.noarch                              1.09-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-FileHandle.noarch                             2.03-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Filter.x86_64                                 2:1.60-1.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-FindBin.noarch                                1.51-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-GD.x86_64                                     2.73-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                             1.15-36.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                 0.28-32.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                            1:2.52-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                             1.12-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Git.noarch                                    2.30.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
perl-HTML-Form.noarch                              6.07-3.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                         2.16-14.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                            3.75-2.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                            3.20-44.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                              1:5.07-13.fc33                         @fedora               
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                           6.10-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                              6.05-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                           6.26-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                         6.01-27.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                              0.076-457.fc33                         @anaconda             
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                    1.20-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                          0.44-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                          0.19-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-IO.x86_64                                     1.43-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                            2.096-1.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                       2.096-1.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                1.001-18.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                           0.41-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                          2.068-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
perl-IO-String.noarch                              1.08-40.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                1:1.10-468.fc33                        @updates              
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                             2.113-4.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                2:1.04-458.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                              1.21-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                               0.048-20.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                               2.09-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                      1.30-3.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-JSON.noarch                                   4.02-7.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Jcode.noarch                                  2.07-33.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-LDAP.noarch                                   1:0.66-9.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                         6.04-6.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                     6.10-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-LaTeX-ToUnicode.noarch                        0.05-13.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                          0.18-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                         0.428-10.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                      0.428-10.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                         0.58-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                           0.11-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                        1.29-458.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                 1:0.21-468.fc33                        @updates              
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                           2.70-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                1.36-7.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                           1.52-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                            3.16-1.fc33                            @anaconda             
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                           1.012.2-12.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                              3.031-4.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                             2.17-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                             0.13-12.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                            1:0.903-13.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                          0.80-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-MailTools.noarch                              2.21-6.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                            1:1.9998.18-457.fc33                   @fedora               
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                           1.59-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                        1:5.20210320-1.fc33                    @updates              
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                  0.09-27.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Module-Load.noarch                            1:0.36-1.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                0.74-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                        1.000037-457.fc33                      @fedora               
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                         0.016-10.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                             20200520-3.fc33                        @anaconda             
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                              1.15-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-NTLM.noarch                                   1.09-27.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                               6.21-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                           1.04-13.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                             1.88-9.fc33                            @anaconda             
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                         0.03-27.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-OLE-Storage_Lite.noarch                       0.20-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                 1.48-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                  1.94-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                      1.106-19.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                          0.38-8.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                       0.29-8.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                              2.5-1.fc33                             @fedora               
perl-Params-Check.noarch                           1:0.38-457.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                        0.015-11.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                            1.07-31.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                        1.30-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch              0.30-9.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                       1.967015-12.fc33                       @fedora               
perl-PathTools.x86_64                              3.78-458.fc33                          @updates              
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                     0.008-1.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                            1:1.07-457.fc33                        @anaconda             
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                               1.25-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                            3.28.01-458.fc33                       @anaconda             
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                             1:3.42-1.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                              4:2.01-1.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                               0.204-9.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                            0.117-10.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                          2017060201-13.fc33                     @fedora               
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                              2.001004-4.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-Safe.noarch                                   2.41-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                      4:1.55-457.fc33                        @anaconda             
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                            1.02-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                             1.26-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Socket.x86_64                                 4:2.031-1.fc33                         @updates              
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                               1.33-19.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Specio.noarch                                 0.46-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel.x86_64                 0.6500-27.fc33                         @fedora               
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel.noarch                 2.40-20.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Storable.x86_64                               1:3.21-457.fc33                        @anaconda             
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                           0.987-24.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch               0.001013-13.fc33                       @fedora               
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                           0.14-14.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                            0.928-25.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Symbol.noarch                                 1.08-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                           1.23-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                             0.36-458.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                         5.01-458.fc33                          @anaconda             
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                               1.17-457.fc33                          @anaconda             
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                            2.38-8.fc33                            @anaconda             
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                          2.04-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                            0.88-6.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                               2.00-5.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Text-CSV_XS.x86_64                            1.44-2.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                              1.45-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                              0.11-12.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                        3.30-457.fc33                          @anaconda             
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                             3.5-17.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                           3.05-17.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                         2013.0523-457.fc33                     @anaconda             
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                         1.30-13.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                           3.14-457.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Tie.noarch                                    4.6-468.fc33                           @updates              
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                              1.225-11.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                            1.39-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                             4:1.9764-459.fc33                      @updates              
perl-Time-Local.noarch                             2:1.300-4.fc33                         @anaconda             
perl-TimeDate.noarch                               1:2.33-3.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Tk.x86_64                                     804.035-4.fc33                         @fedora               
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                               0.30-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-UNIVERSAL-isa.noarch                          1.20171012-10.fc33                     @fedora               
perl-URI.noarch                                    1.76-9.fc33                            @anaconda             
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                        1.29-1.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                 12.0-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                      2019.001-8.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-Unicode-Map.x86_64                            0.112-52.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                      1.27-458.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                            0.75-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                         0.62-11.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-WWW-Mechanize.noarch                          2.00-3.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                         6.02-26.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                             1:2.0205-3.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                      1.01-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                            1.99-4.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                   1.12-12.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                             2.46-6.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                1.02-5.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                           1.09-12.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                             0.625-18.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                              1.44-7.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-XString.x86_64                                0.002-5.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-YAML-Tiny.noarch                              1.73-10.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-autodie.noarch                                2.34-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-autouse.noarch                                1.11-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-autovivification.x86_64                       0.18-11.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-base.noarch                                   2.27-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-constant.noarch                               1.33-458.fc33                          @anaconda             
perl-deprecate.noarch                              0.04-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-encoding.x86_64                               4:3.00-458.fc33                        @updates              
perl-if.noarch                                     0.60.800-468.fc33                      @updates              
perl-interpreter.x86_64                            4:5.32.1-468.fc33                      @updates              
perl-lib.x86_64                                    0.65-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                           1.31-8.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-libnet.noarch                                 3.13-1.fc33                            @updates              
perl-libs.x86_64                                   4:5.32.1-468.fc33                      @updates              
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                            6.53-2.fc33                            @updates              
perl-locale.noarch                                 1.09-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-macros.noarch                                 4:5.32.1-468.fc33                      @updates              
perl-meta-notation.noarch                          5.32.1-468.fc33                        @updates              
perl-mro.x86_64                                    1.23-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                    0.29-5.fc33                            @fedora               
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                        0.27-15.fc33                           @fedora               
perl-open.noarch                                   1.12-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-overload.noarch                               1.31-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-overloading.noarch                            0.02-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-parent.noarch                                 1:0.238-457.fc33                       @anaconda             
perl-podlators.noarch                              1:4.14-457.fc33                        @anaconda             
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                1.09-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                            1-38.fc33                              @fedora               
perl-subs.noarch                                   1.03-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-threads.x86_64                                1:2.25-457.fc33                        @fedora               
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                         1.61-457.fc33                          @fedora               
perl-vars.noarch                                   1.05-468.fc33                          @updates              
perl-version.x86_64                                7:0.99.28-1.fc33                       @fedora               
perltidy.noarch                                    20201001-1.fc33                        @fedora               
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                  4.11.1-6.fc33                          @fedora               
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                2:4.10.0-4.fc33                        @fedora               
php.x86_64                                         7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-cli.x86_64                                     7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-common.x86_64                                  7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-fpm.x86_64                                     7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-gd.x86_64                                      7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-gmp.x86_64                                     7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-imap.x86_64                                    7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-json.x86_64                                    7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-ldap.x86_64                                    7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-mbstring.x86_64                                7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-mysqlnd.x86_64                                 7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-opcache.x86_64                                 7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-pdo.x86_64                                     7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-pecl-apcu.x86_64                               5.1.20-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-pecl-igbinary.x86_64                           3.2.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
php-pecl-imagick.x86_64                            3.4.4-5.fc33                           @fedora               
php-pecl-memcached.x86_64                          3.1.5-3.fc33                           @fedora               
php-pecl-msgpack.x86_64                            2.1.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
php-pecl-redis5.x86_64                             5.3.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
php-pecl-zip.x86_64                                1.19.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-pgsql.x86_64                                   7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-process.x86_64                                 7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-smbclient.x86_64                               1.0.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
php-sodium.x86_64                                  7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
php-xml.x86_64                                     7.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates              
pigz.x86_64                                        2.4-7.fc33                             @anaconda             
pinentry.x86_64                                    1.1.0-9.fc33                           @updates              
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                             1.1.0-9.fc33                           @updates              
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                1.1.0-9.fc33                           @updates              
pinfo.x86_64                                       0.6.10-26.fc33                         @anaconda             
pipewire.x86_64                                    0.3.24-4.fc33                          @updates              
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                          0.3.24-4.fc33                          @updates              
pipewire-libs.x86_64                               0.3.24-4.fc33                          @updates              
pipewire0.2-libs.x86_64                            0.2.7-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
pixman.x86_64                                      0.40.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
pixman-devel.x86_64                                0.40.0-2.fc33                          @fedora               
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                               1.22-11.fc33                           @anaconda             
pkgconf.x86_64                                     1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates              
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                  1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates              
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                          1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates              
plymouth.x86_64                                    0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                          0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                      0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                       0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                    0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                            0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                       0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                      0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda             
podman.x86_64                                      2:3.0.1-1.fc33                         @updates              
podman-plugins.x86_64                              2:3.0.1-1.fc33                         @updates              
policycoreutils.x86_64                             3.1-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                3.1-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
polkit.x86_64                                      0.117-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
polkit-libs.x86_64                                 0.117-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                          0.1-18.fc33                            @anaconda             
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                0.113.0-5.fc33                         @fedora               
poppler.x86_64                                     0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                 0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
poppler-data.noarch                                0.4.9-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
poppler-devel.x86_64                               0.90.0-6.fc33                          @fedora               
poppler-glib.x86_64                                0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
poppler-glib-devel.x86_64                          0.90.0-6.fc33                          @fedora               
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                 0.90.0-6.fc33                          @fedora               
poppler-utils.x86_64                               0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
popt.x86_64                                        1.18-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
potrace.x86_64                                     1.16-4.fc33                            @fedora               
ppp.x86_64                                         2.4.8-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
pptp.x86_64                                        1.10.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda             
procps-ng.x86_64                                   3.3.16-2.fc33                          @updates              
protobuf.x86_64                                    3.12.4-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
protobuf-c.x86_64                                  1.3.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
psacct.x86_64                                      6.6.4-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
psmisc.x86_64                                      23.3-4.fc33                            @anaconda             
psutils.x86_64                                     1.23-18.fc33                           @fedora               
pt-sans-fonts.noarch                               20141121-18.fc33                       @anaconda             
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                     20190417-4.fc33                        @anaconda             
pugixml.x86_64                                     1.11.4-1.fc33                          @updates              
pulseaudio.x86_64                                  14.0-2.fc33                            @updates              
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                             14.0-2.fc33                            @updates              
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                       14.0-2.fc33                            @updates              
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                 14.0-2.fc33                            @updates              
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                       14.0-2.fc33                            @updates              
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                            14.0-2.fc33                            @updates              
python-pip-wheel.noarch                            20.2.2-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                       5.15.0-4.fc33                          @updates              
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                     49.1.3-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
python-srpm-macros.noarch                          3.9-14.fc33                            @updates              
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                          234-14.fc33                            @anaconda             
python-unversioned-command.noarch                  3.9.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
python2.7.x86_64                                   2.7.18-8.fc33                          @updates              
python3.x86_64                                     3.9.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-PyDrive.noarch                             1.3.1-13.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-abrt.x86_64                                2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                          2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-argcomplete.noarch                         1.12.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-audit.x86_64                               3.0.1-2.fc33                           @updates              
python3-augeas.noarch                              0.5.0-22.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-backcall.noarch                            0.1.0-11.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                              3.1.7-6.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-beaker.noarch                              1.10.0-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                      4.9.3-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-blivet.noarch                              1:3.3.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
python3-blockdev.x86_64                            2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-boto3.noarch                               1.16.63-1.fc33                         @updates              
python3-botocore.noarch                            1.19.63-1.fc33                         @updates              
python3-brlapi.x86_64                              0.8.0-11.fc33.1                        @anaconda             
python3-bytesize.x86_64                            2.5-1.fc33                             @updates              
python3-cachetools.noarch                          4.1.1-2.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-cairo.x86_64                               1.18.2-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-cffi.x86_64                                1.14.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-chardet.noarch                             3.0.4-18.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-crypto.x86_64                              2.6.1-32.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-cryptography.x86_64                        3.2.1-2.fc33                           @updates              
python3-cson.noarch                                0.8-7.fc33                             @fedora               
python3-cups.x86_64                                2.0.1-7.fc33                           @updates              
python3-dasbus.noarch                              1.4-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
python3-dateutil.noarch                            1:2.8.1-2.fc33                         @anaconda             
python3-dbus.x86_64                                1.2.16-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-decorator.noarch                           4.4.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-devel.x86_64                               3.9.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-distro.noarch                              1.5.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-dnf.noarch                                 4.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                    4.0.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-dropbox.noarch                             10.4.1-1.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-enchant.noarch                             3.1.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-fasteners.noarch                           0.14.1-23.fc33                         @fedora               
python3-firewall.noarch                            0.8.6-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-fluidity-sm.noarch                         0.2.0-20.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-future.noarch                              0.18.2-8.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-gobject.x86_64                             3.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                        3.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-google-api-client.noarch                   2:1.6.7-13.fc33                        @fedora               
python3-google-api-core.noarch                     1.17.0-2.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-google-auth.noarch                         1:1.27.0-1.fc33                        @updates              
python3-google-auth-httplib2.noarch                0.0.3-2.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-googleapis-common-protos.noarch            1.53.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-gpg.x86_64                                 1.14.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-grpcio.x86_64                              1.26.0-8.fc33                          @updates              
python3-grpcio-gcp.noarch                          0.2.2-3.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-hawkey.x86_64                              0.60.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-httplib2.noarch                            0.18.1-6.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-humanize.noarch                            0.5.1-24.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-idna.noarch                                2.10-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-invoke.noarch                              1.4.1-4.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-ipython.noarch                             7.18.1-1.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-ipython_genutils.noarch                    0.1.0-23.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-jedi.noarch                                0.17.1-2.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-jmespath.noarch                            0.9.4-6.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-kickstart.noarch                           3.29-1.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-langtable.noarch                           0.0.54-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-lexicon.noarch                             1.0.0-12.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-libcomps.x86_64                            0.1.15-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-libdnf.x86_64                              0.60.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-libreport.x86_64                           2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates              
python3-libs.x86_64                                3.9.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-libselinux.x86_64                          3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                         3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
python3-libxml2.x86_64                             2.9.10-8.fc33                          @updates              
python3-lit.noarch                                 0.11.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-lockfile.noarch                            1:0.11.0-20.fc33                       @fedora               
python3-louis.noarch                               3.15.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-lxml.x86_64                                4.5.1-3.fc33                           @updates              
python3-mako.noarch                                1.1.3-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                          1.1.1-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-meh.noarch                                 0.50-1.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-meh-gui.noarch                             0.50-1.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-nftables.x86_64                            1:0.9.3-8.fc33                         @updates              
python3-numpy.x86_64                               1:1.19.4-1.fc33                        @updates              
python3-oauth2client.noarch                        4.1.3-12.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-olefile.noarch                             0.46-12.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-paramiko.noarch                            2.7.2-1.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-parso.noarch                               0.7.0-2.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-paste.noarch                               3.4.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-pexpect.noarch                             4.8.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-pickleshare.noarch                         0.7.5-4.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-pid.noarch                                 2.2.3-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-pillow.x86_64                              7.2.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                           7.2.0-5.fc33                           @updates              
python3-pip.noarch                                 20.2.2-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-ply.noarch                                 3.11-9.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                     3.1-4.fc33                             @anaconda             
python3-productmd.noarch                           1.30-1.fc33                            @updates              
python3-prompt-toolkit.noarch                      3.0.5-4.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-protobuf.noarch                            3.12.4-1.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                          0.6.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-pwquality.x86_64                           1.4.4-2.fc33                           @updates              
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                           20.0.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-pyasn1.noarch                              0.4.8-3.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                      0.4.8-3.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-pyatspi.noarch                             2.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-pycparser.noarch                           2.20-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-pycurl.x86_64                              7.43.0.5-6.fc33                        @anaconda             
python3-pygments.noarch                            2.6.1-5.fc33                           @updates              
python3-pynacl.x86_64                              1.3.0-9.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-pyparted.x86_64                            1:3.11.5-3.fc33                        @anaconda             
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                           4.19.24-1.fc33                         @fedora               
python3-pysocks.noarch                             1.7.1-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-pytz.noarch                                2020.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-pyudev.noarch                              0.22.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-pyxdg.noarch                               0.26-11.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                              5.4.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-qt5.x86_64                                 5.15.0-4.fc33                          @updates              
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                            5.15.0-4.fc33                          @updates              
python3-requests.noarch                            2.24.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-requests-file.noarch                       1.4.3-16.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                        0.3.1-20.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-rpm.x86_64                                 4.16.1.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
python3-rsa.noarch                                 4.6-2.fc33                             @fedora               
python3-s3transfer.noarch                          0.3.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-scour.noarch                               0.38.1-1.fc33                          @fedora               
python3-setools.x86_64                             4.3.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-setuptools.noarch                          49.1.3-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-simpleline.noarch                          1.7-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
python3-six.noarch                                 1.15.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-slip.noarch                                0.6.4-21.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                           0.6.4-21.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-soupsieve.noarch                           2.0.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
python3-speechd.x86_64                             0.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-speg.noarch                                0.3-10.git877acdd.fc33                 @fedora               
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                          2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
python3-systemd.x86_64                             234-14.fc33                            @anaconda             
python3-tempita.noarch                             0.5.1-28.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-tkinter.x86_64                             3.9.2-1.fc33                           @updates              
python3-traitlets.noarch                           4.3.3-4.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-unbound.x86_64                             1.13.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
python3-uritemplate.noarch                         3.0.1-3.fc33                           @fedora               
python3-urllib3.noarch                             1.25.8-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
python3-wcwidth.noarch                             0.2.5-2.fc33                           @fedora               
qca-qt5.x86_64                                     2.3.1-2.fc33                           @fedora               
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                2.3.1-2.fc33                           @fedora               
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                             2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                               2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                             2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                          2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                            2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-common.x86_64                                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                     2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                    2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                   2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                            2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-img.x86_64                                    2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                    2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                             2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                           2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates              
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                              0.7.0-2.fc33                           @updates              
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                   10.1.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
qrencode-libs.x86_64                               4.0.2-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
qt.x86_64                                          1:4.8.7-60.fc33                        @updates              
qt-common.noarch                                   1:4.8.7-60.fc33                        @updates              
qt-settings.noarch                                 33.0-3.fc33                            @updates              
qt-x11.x86_64                                      1:4.8.7-60.fc33                        @updates              
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                  5.15.2-15.fc33                         @updates              
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                           5.15.2-15.fc33                         @updates              
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                            5.15.2-15.fc33                         @updates              
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                              5.15.2-15.fc33                         @updates              
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                          5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                           5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                      5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                              5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                            5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                        5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                               5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                            5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                        5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                   5.15.2-3.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                          5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                   5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                       5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                               5.15.2-3.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                            5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                             5.15.2-8.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                5.212.0-0.53.alpha4.fc33               @updates              
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                            5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                             5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                           5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                              5.15.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                             5.15.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
qtkeychain-qt5.x86_64                              0.11.1-1.fc33                          @fedora               
quota.x86_64                                       1:4.05-17.fc33                         @updates              
quota-nls.noarch                                   1:4.05-17.fc33                         @updates              
radvd.x86_64                                       2.18-6.fc33                            @anaconda             
raptor2.x86_64                                     2.0.15-27.fc33                         @updates              
rasqal.x86_64                                      0.9.33-14.fc33                         @anaconda             
rdma-core.x86_64                                   34.0-1.fc33                            @updates              
re2.x86_64                                         1:20190801-5.fc33                      @fedora               
readline.x86_64                                    8.0-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
realmd.x86_64                                      0.16.3-25.fc33                         @anaconda             
redhat-menus.noarch                                12.0.2-18.fc33                         @anaconda             
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                           175-1.fc33                             @updates              
redland.x86_64                                     1.0.17-20.fc33                         @anaconda             
rest.x86_64                                        0.8.1-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
restic.x86_64                                      0.12.0-0.fc33                          @updates              
rhash.x86_64                                       1.4.0-2.fc33                           @fedora               
rhythmbox.x86_64                                   3.4.4-7.fc33                           @updates              
rng-tools.x86_64                                   6.12-1.fc33                            @updates              
rootfiles.noarch                                   8.1-28.fc33                            @anaconda             
rpcbind.x86_64                                     1.2.5-5.rc1.fc33.3                     @anaconda             
rpm.x86_64                                         4.16.1.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                              4.16.1.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
rpm-libs.x86_64                                    4.16.1.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                          4.16.1.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                  4.16.1.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                               4.16.1.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
rsync.x86_64                                       3.2.3-3.fc33                           @updates              
rtkit.x86_64                                       0.11-25.fc33                           @anaconda             
rtl-sdr.x86_64                                     0.6.0-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
ruby.x86_64                                        2.7.2-135.fc33                         @updates              
ruby-default-gems.noarch                           2.7.2-135.fc33                         @updates              
ruby-libs.x86_64                                   2.7.2-135.fc33                         @updates              
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                          2.0.0-135.fc33                         @updates              
rubygem-bundler.noarch                             2.1.4-135.fc33                         @updates              
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                          0.5.6-135.fc33                         @updates              
rubygem-irb.noarch                                 1.2.6-135.fc33                         @updates              
rubygem-json.x86_64                                2.3.1-201.fc33                         @fedora               
rubygem-openssl.x86_64                             2.1.2-135.fc33                         @updates              
rubygem-psych.x86_64                               3.1.0-135.fc33                         @updates              
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                6.2.1-201.fc33                         @fedora               
rubygems.noarch                                    3.1.4-201.fc33                         @fedora               
rubypick.noarch                                    1.1.1-13.fc33                          @fedora               
runc.x86_64                                        2:1.0.0-279.dev.gitdedadbf.fc33        @anaconda             
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                            16-1.fc33                              @updates              
rygel.x86_64                                       0.40.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
samba-client.x86_64                                2:4.13.5-0.fc33                        @updates              
samba-client-libs.x86_64                           2:4.13.5-0.fc33                        @updates              
samba-common.noarch                                2:4.13.5-0.fc33                        @updates              
samba-common-libs.x86_64                           2:4.13.5-0.fc33                        @updates              
samba-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.13.5-0.fc33                        @updates              
sane-airscan.x86_64                                0.99.24-1.fc33                         @updates              
sane-backends.x86_64                               1.0.32-4.fc33                          @updates              
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64               1.0.32-4.fc33                          @updates              
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64              1.0.32-4.fc33                          @updates              
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                          1.0.32-4.fc33                          @updates              
satyr.x86_64                                       0.35-1.fc33                            @updates              
seabios-bin.noarch                                 1.14.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
seavgabios-bin.noarch                              1.14.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
sed.x86_64                                         4.8-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
selinux-policy.noarch                              3.14.6-36.fc33                         @updates              
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                     3.14.6-36.fc33                         @updates              
serd.x86_64                                        0.30.6-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
setup.noarch                                       2.13.7-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                              1.45-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
sgabios-bin.noarch                                 1:0.20180715git-5.fc33                 @anaconda             
sgml-common.noarch                                 0.6.3-55.fc33                          @fedora               
sgpio.x86_64                                       1.2.0.10-26.fc33                       @anaconda             
shadow-utils.x86_64                                2:4.8.1-5.fc33                         @updates              
shared-mime-info.x86_64                            2.0-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
sheepdog.x86_64                                    1.0.1-13.fc33                          @anaconda             
shim-ia32.x86_64                                   15-8                                   @anaconda             
shim-x64.x86_64                                    15-8                                   @anaconda             
signon.x86_64                                      8.60-7.fc33                            @updates              
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                        0.22-13.fc33                           @fedora               
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                        1.200-20.fc33                          @anaconda             
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                           1.000-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                             2.200-1.fc33                           @updates              
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                            3.003-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
simple-scan.x86_64                                 3.38.5-1.fc33                          @updates              
skkdic.noarch                                      20200128-2.T1339.fc33                  @anaconda             
slack.x86_64                                       4.14.0-0.1.fc21                        @slack                
slirp4netns.x86_64                                 1.1.9-1.fc33                           @updates              
sloccount.x86_64                                   2.26-30.fc33                           @fedora               
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                             7.0.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
snappy.x86_64                                      1.1.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
sni-qt.x86_64                                      0.2.7-0.7.20170217.fc33                @anaconda             
sombok.x86_64                                      2.4.0-13.fc33                          @fedora               
sord.x86_64                                        0.16.6-1.fc33                          @anaconda             
sos.noarch                                         4.0-2.fc33                             @anaconda             
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                     0.8-14.fc33                            @anaconda             
soundtouch.x86_64                                  2.1.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
source-highlight.x86_64                            3.1.9-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
soxr.x86_64                                        0.1.3-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                           0.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                 0.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates              
speex.x86_64                                       1.2.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
speexdsp.x86_64                                    1.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
spice-glib.x86_64                                  0.39-1.fc33                            @updates              
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                  0.39-1.fc33                            @updates              
spice-server.x86_64                                0.14.3-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
spice-vdagent.x86_64                               0.21.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
sqlite.x86_64                                      3.34.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                 3.34.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
squashfs-tools.x86_64                              4.4-2.20200513gitc570c61.fc33          @anaconda             
sratom.x86_64                                      0.6.6-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
srt-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
sshpass.x86_64                                     1.06-10.fc33                           @anaconda             
sssd.x86_64                                        2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-ad.x86_64                                     2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-client.x86_64                                 2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-common.x86_64                                 2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                             2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                    2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                    2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                   2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                            2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                   2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                              2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                  2.4.2-2.fc33                           @updates              
startup-notification.x86_64                        0.12-20.fc33                           @anaconda             
stix-fonts.noarch                                  2.0.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda             
stoken-libs.x86_64                                 0.92-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
sudo.x86_64                                        1.9.5p2-1.fc33                         @updates              
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                          1.9.5p2-1.fc33                         @updates              
suitesparse.x86_64                                 5.4.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
sushi.x86_64                                       3.38.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
switcheroo-control.x86_64                          2.4-1.fc33                             @updates              
symlinks.x86_64                                    1.7-3.fc33                             @anaconda             
syslinux.x86_64                                    6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda             
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                           6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda             
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                  6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda             
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                           6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda             
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                  1.5.15-1.fc33                          @updates              
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                  1.5.15-1.fc33                          @updates              
systemd.x86_64                                     246.13-1.fc33                          @updates              
systemd-container.x86_64                           246.13-1.fc33                          @updates              
systemd-libs.x86_64                                246.13-1.fc33                          @updates              
systemd-networkd.x86_64                            246.13-1.fc33                          @updates              
systemd-pam.x86_64                                 246.13-1.fc33                          @updates              
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                          246.13-1.fc33                          @updates              
systemd-udev.x86_64                                246.13-1.fc33                          @updates              
t1utils.x86_64                                     1.42-1.fc33                            @updates              
taglib.x86_64                                      1.11.1-13.fc33                         @anaconda             
tar.x86_64                                         2:1.32-6.fc33                          @anaconda             
tbb.x86_64                                         2020.3-5.fc33                          @updates              
tcl.x86_64                                         1:8.6.10-5.fc33                        @anaconda             
tcpdump.x86_64                                     14:4.99.0-2.fc33                       @updates              
tdlib.x86_64                                       1.7.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
tdlib-devel.x86_64                                 1.7.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
teamd.x86_64                                       1.31-2.fc33                            @anaconda             
teckit.x86_64                                      2.5.9-5.fc33                           @fedora               
tepl.x86_64                                        5.0.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
tex-preview.noarch                                 12.1-9.fc33                            @fedora               
texinfo.x86_64                                     6.7-8.fc33                             @fedora               
texinfo-tex.x86_64                                 6.7-8.fc33                             @fedora               
texlive-12many.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-2up.noarch                                 9:svn41578-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ESIEEcv.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-GS1.noarch                                 9:svn44822-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-HA-prosper.noarch                          9:svn15878.4.21-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-IEEEconf.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-IEEEtran.noarch                            9:svn51065-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-MemoirChapStyles-doc.noarch                9:svn25918.1.7e-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-SIstyle.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-SIunits.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.36-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-Tabbing.noarch                             9:svn17022.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-Type1fonts-doc.noarch                      9:svn19603.2.14-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-a0poster.noarch                            9:svn54071-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-a2ping.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-a4wide.noarch                              9:svn20943.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-a5comb.noarch                              9:svn17020.4-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-aaai-named.noarch                          9:svn52470-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-aastex.noarch                              9:svn51836-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-abbr.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-abc.noarch                                 9:svn41157-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-abnt.noarch                                9:svn54927-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-abntex2.noarch                             9:svn49248-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-abraces.noarch                             9:svn27880.2-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-abstract.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-abstyles.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-academicons.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-accanthis.noarch                           9:svn32089.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-accents.noarch                             9:svn51497-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-accessibility.noarch                       9:svn52650-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-accfonts.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-accsupp.noarch                             9:svn53052-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-achemso.noarch                             9:svn50025-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-acmart.noarch                              9:svn53899-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-acmconf.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-acro.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-acronym.noarch                             9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-acroterm.noarch                            9:svn20498.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-active-conf.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-actuarialangle.noarch                      9:svn51376-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-actuarialsymbol.noarch                     9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-addfont.noarch                             9:svn41972-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-addliga.noarch                             9:svn50912-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-addlines.noarch                            9:svn49326-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adfathesis.noarch                          9:svn26048.2.42-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-adforn.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adfsymbols.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adhocfilelist.noarch                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adigraph.noarch                            9:svn49862-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adjmulticol.noarch                         9:svn54157-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                           9:svn49596-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adobemapping.noarch                        9:svn51787-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adrconv.noarch                             9:svn46817-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-adtrees.noarch                             9:svn51618-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-advdate.noarch                             9:svn20538.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ae.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-aeguill.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-afm2pl.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-afparticle.noarch                          9:svn35900.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-afthesis.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-aguplus.noarch                             9:svn17156.1.6b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-aiaa.noarch                                9:svn15878.3.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-aichej.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ajl.noarch                                 9:svn34016.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-akktex.noarch                              9:svn26055.0.3.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-akletter.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5i-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-alegreya.noarch                            9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-aleph.x86_64                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-alertmessage.noarch                        9:svn38055.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-alg.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-algobox.noarch                             9:svn52204-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-algolrevived.noarch                        9:svn56788-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-algorithm2e.noarch                         9:svn44846-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-algorithmicx.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-algorithms.noarch                          9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-algxpar.noarch                             9:svn52758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-aligned-overset.noarch                     9:svn47290-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-alkalami.noarch                            9:svn44497-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-allrunes.noarch                            9:svn42221-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-almendra.noarch                            9:svn56035-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-almfixed.noarch                            9:svn35065.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-alnumsec.noarch                            9:svn15878.v0.03-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-alpha-persian.noarch                       9:svn50316-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-alphalph.noarch                            9:svn53087-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-altfont.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ametsoc.noarch                             9:svn36030.4.3.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-amiri.noarch                               9:svn52218-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-amsaddr.noarch                             9:svn29630.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-amscdx.noarch                              9:svn51532-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-amscls.noarch                              9:svn46099-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-amscls-doc.noarch                          9:svn46110-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                            9:svn29208.3.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-amslatex-primer-doc.noarch                 9:svn28980.2.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-amsldoc-it-doc.noarch                      9:svn45662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-amsldoc-vn-doc.noarch                      9:svn21855.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-amsmath.noarch                             9:svn53640-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-amsmath-it-doc.noarch                      9:svn22930.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-amsrefs.noarch                             9:svn30646.2.14-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-amstex.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-amsthdoc-it-doc.noarch                     9:svn45662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-animate.noarch                             9:svn54874-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-annee-scolaire.noarch                      9:svn54675-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-annotate.noarch                            9:svn52824-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-anonchap.noarch                            9:svn17049.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-anonymouspro.noarch                        9:svn51631-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-answers.noarch                             9:svn35032.2.16-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-antiqua.noarch                             9:svn24266.001.003-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-antomega.noarch                            9:svn21933.0.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-antt.noarch                                9:svn18651.2.08-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-anufinalexam-doc.noarch                    9:svn26053.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                         9:svn17050.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-anysize.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-aobs-tikz.noarch                           9:svn32662.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-aomart.noarch                              9:svn46091-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apa.noarch                                 9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apa6.noarch                                9:svn53406-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apa6e.noarch                               9:svn23350.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-apa7.noarch                                9:svn54775-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apacite.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apalike-german.noarch                      9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apalike2.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apnum.noarch                               9:svn47510-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-appendix.noarch                            9:svn53718-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-appendixnumberbeamer.noarch                9:svn46317-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apprendre-a-programmer-en-tex.noarch       9:svn50933-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-apprends-latex-doc.noarch                  9:svn19306.4.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-apptools.noarch                            9:svn28400.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-apxproof.noarch                            9:svn52324-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arabi.noarch                               9:svn44662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arabi-add.noarch                           9:svn37709-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arabicfront.noarch                         9:svn51474-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arabluatex.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arabtex.noarch                             9:svn25711.3.17-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                           9:svn38299.1.2.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-aramaic-serto.noarch                       9:svn30042.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-arara.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-archaeologie.noarch                        9:svn53813-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-archaic.noarch                             9:svn38005.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-arcs.noarch                                9:svn15878.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-arev.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-arimo.noarch                               9:svn42880-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-armtex.noarch                              9:svn33894.3.0_beta3-35.fc33           @updates              
texlive-around-the-bend-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-arphic.noarch                              9:svn15878-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arphic-ttf.noarch                          9:svn42675-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arraycols.noarch                           9:svn51491-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arrayjobx.noarch                           9:svn18125.1.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-arraysort.noarch                           9:svn31576.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-arsclassica.noarch                         9:svn45656-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-articleingud.noarch                        9:svn38741-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-arydshln.noarch                            9:svn50084-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-asaetr.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-asana-math.noarch                          9:svn50999-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-asapsym.noarch                             9:svn40201-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ascelike.noarch                            9:svn29129.2.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ascii-chart-doc.noarch                     9:svn20536.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ascii-font.noarch                          9:svn29989.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-asciilist.noarch                           9:svn49060-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ascmac.noarch                              9:svn53411-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-askinclude.noarch                          9:svn54725-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-askmaps.noarch                             9:svn32320.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-asmeconf.noarch                            9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-asmejour.noarch                            9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-aspectratio.noarch                         9:svn25243.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-assignment.noarch                          9:svn20431.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-assoccnt.noarch                            9:svn38497-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-astro.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-asyfig.noarch                              9:svn17512.0.1c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-asymptote-by-example-zh-cn-doc.noarch      9:svn15878-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-asymptote-faq-zh-cn-doc.noarch             9:svn15878-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-asymptote-manual-zh-cn-doc.noarch          9:svn15878-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-asypictureb.noarch                         9:svn33490.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                            9:svn53051-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-atenddvi.noarch                            9:svn53107-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-attachfile.noarch                          9:svn42099-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-atveryend.noarch                           9:svn53108-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-aucklandthesis.noarch                      9:svn51323-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-augie.noarch                               9:svn18948.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-auncial-new.noarch                         9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-aurical.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-aurl.noarch                                9:svn41853-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-authoraftertitle.noarch                    9:svn24863.0.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-authorarchive.noarch                       9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-authordate.noarch                          9:svn52564-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-authorindex.noarch                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                        9:svn52849-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-auto-pst-pdf-lua.noarch                    9:svn54779-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-autoaligne.noarch                          9:svn49092-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-autoarea.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-autobreak.noarch                           9:svn43337-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-autofancyhdr.noarch                        9:svn54049-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-automata.noarch                            9:svn19717.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-autonum.noarch                             9:svn36084.0.3.11-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-autopdf.noarch                             9:svn32377.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-autosp.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-auxhook.noarch                             9:svn53173-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-avantgar.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-avremu.noarch                              9:svn35373.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                          9:svn51776-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-axessibility.noarch                        9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-axodraw2.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-b1encoding.noarch                          9:svn21271.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-babel.noarch                               9:svn54487-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-albanian.noarch                      9:svn30254.1.0c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-azerbaijani.noarch                   9:svn44197-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-basque.noarch                        9:svn30256.1.0f-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-belarusian.noarch                    9:svn49022-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-bosnian.noarch                       9:svn38174.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-babel-breton.noarch                        9:svn30257.1.0h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-bulgarian.noarch                     9:svn31902.1.2g-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-catalan.noarch                       9:svn30259.2.2p-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-croatian.noarch                      9:svn35198.1.3l-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-czech.noarch                         9:svn30261.3.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-danish.noarch                        9:svn30262.1.3r-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-dutch.noarch                         9:svn30263.3.8i-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-english.noarch                       9:svn44495-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-esperanto.noarch                     9:svn30265.1.4t-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-estonian.noarch                      9:svn38064.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-finnish.noarch                       9:svn54771-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-french.noarch                        9:svn54787-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-friulan.noarch                       9:svn39861-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-galician.noarch                      9:svn30270.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-babel-georgian.noarch                      9:svn45864-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-german.noarch                        9:svn49391-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-greek.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-hebrew.noarch                        9:svn30273.2.3h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-hungarian.noarch                     9:svn49701-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-icelandic.noarch                     9:svn51551-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-indonesian.noarch                    9:svn43235-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-interlingua.noarch                   9:svn30276.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-babel-irish.noarch                         9:svn30277.1.0h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-italian.noarch                       9:svn53019-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-japanese.noarch                      9:svn50735-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-kurmanji.noarch                      9:svn30279.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-babel-latin.noarch                         9:svn38173.3.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-babel-latvian.noarch                       9:svn46681-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-macedonian.noarch                    9:svn39587-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-malay.noarch                         9:svn43234-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-norsk.noarch                         9:svn30281.2.0i-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-occitan.noarch                       9:svn39608-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-piedmontese.noarch                   9:svn30282.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-babel-polish.noarch                        9:svn30283.1.2l-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-portuges.noarch                      9:svn30284.1.2q-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-romanian.noarch                      9:svn30285.1.2l-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-romansh.noarch                       9:svn30286.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-babel-russian.noarch                       9:svn45007-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-samin.noarch                         9:svn30288.1.0c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-scottish.noarch                      9:svn30289.1.0g-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-serbian.noarch                       9:svn53140-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-serbianc.noarch                      9:svn53139-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-slovak.noarch                        9:svn30292.3.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-slovenian.noarch                     9:svn30351.1.2i-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-sorbian.noarch                       9:svn30294-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-spanish.noarch                       9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-swedish.noarch                       9:svn30296.2.3d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babel-thai.noarch                          9:svn30564.1.0.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-babel-turkish.noarch                       9:svn51560-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-ukrainian.noarch                     9:svn47585-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-vietnamese.noarch                    9:svn39246-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-babel-welsh.noarch                         9:svn38372.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-babelbib.noarch                            9:svn50354-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-background.noarch                          9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-backnaur.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-baekmuk.noarch                             9:svn42106-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bagpipe.noarch                             9:svn34393.3.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bangorcsthesis.noarch                      9:svn48834-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bangorexam.noarch                          9:svn46626-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bangtex.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bankstatement.noarch                       9:svn38857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-barcodes.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bardiag.noarch                             9:svn22013.0.4a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-barr.noarch                                9:svn38479-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-barracuda.noarch                           9:svn53683-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bartel-chess-fonts.noarch                  9:svn20619.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-base.x86_64                                7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bashful.noarch                             9:svn25597.0.93-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-basicarith.noarch                          9:svn35460.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-baskervald.noarch                          9:svn19490.1.016-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-baskervaldx.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-baskervillef.noarch                        9:svn55475-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-basque-book.noarch                         9:svn32924.1.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-basque-date.noarch                         9:svn26477.1.05-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bath-bst.noarch                            9:svn53422-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bbcard.noarch                              9:svn19440.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bbding.noarch                              9:svn17186.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bbm.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bbm-macros.noarch                          9:svn17224.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bbold.noarch                               9:svn17187.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bbold-type1.noarch                         9:svn33143.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bchart.noarch                              9:svn43928-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bclogo.noarch                              9:svn39364-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamer.noarch                              9:svn54841-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamer-FUBerlin-doc.noarch                 9:svn38159.0.02b-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-beamer-rl.noarch                           9:svn52284-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamer-tut-pt-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-beamer-verona.noarch                       9:svn39180-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamer2thesis.noarch                       9:svn27539.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-beameraudience.noarch                      9:svn23427.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-beamerauxtheme.noarch                      9:svn51053-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamercolorthemeowl.noarch                 9:svn40105-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamerdarkthemes.noarch                    9:svn35101.0.4.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-beamerposter.noarch                        9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamersubframe.noarch                      9:svn23510.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-beamerswitch.noarch                        9:svn53467-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-cuerna.noarch                  9:svn42161-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm.noarch                9:svn39048-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-epyt.noarch                    9:svn41404-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-focus.noarch                   9:svn54772-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-light.noarch                   9:svn49867-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-metropolis.noarch              9:svn43031-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-npbt.noarch                    9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh.noarch               9:svn39100-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-saintpetersburg.noarch         9:svn45877-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc.noarch                9:svn29937.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-beamerthemejltree.noarch                   9:svn21977.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-beamerthemenirma.noarch                    9:svn20765.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bearwear.noarch                            9:svn54826-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-beebe.noarch                               9:svn54760-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-begingreek.noarch                          9:svn36294.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-begriff.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-beilstein.noarch                           9:svn53925-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-belleek.noarch                             9:svn18651.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bengali.noarch                             9:svn20987.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bera.noarch                                9:svn20031.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-berenisadf.noarch                          9:svn32215.1.004-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-besjournals.noarch                         9:svn45662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bestpapers.noarch                          9:svn38708-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-betababel.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-beton.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-beuron.noarch                              9:svn46374-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bewerbung.noarch                           9:svn37880.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bez123.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bezierplot.noarch                          9:svn51398-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bgteubner.noarch                           9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bguq.noarch                                9:svn27401.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bhcexam.noarch                             9:svn39041-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bib-fr.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bib2gls.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibarts.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibexport.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibhtml.noarch                             9:svn31607.2.0.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-biblatex.noarch                            9:svn53063-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-abnt.noarch                       9:svn49179-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-ajc2020unofficial.noarch          9:svn54401-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-anonymous.noarch                  9:svn48548-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-apa.noarch                        9:svn54896-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-apa6.noarch                       9:svn54995-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-archaeology.noarch                9:svn53281-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-arthistory-bonn.noarch            9:svn46637-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-bath.noarch                       9:svn53424-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle.noarch              9:svn40323-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-bookinother.noarch                9:svn54015-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-bwl.noarch                        9:svn26556.0.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-biblatex-caspervector.noarch               9:svn52802-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-cheatsheet-doc.noarch             9:svn44685-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-chem.noarch                       9:svn53012-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-chicago.noarch                    9:svn54809-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-claves.noarch                     9:svn43723-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-dw.noarch                         9:svn42649-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-enc.noarch                        9:svn44627-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-ext.noarch                        9:svn54327-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-fiwi.noarch                       9:svn45876-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-gb7714-2015.noarch                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-german-legal.noarch               9:svn54297-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-gost.noarch                       9:svn53916-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-historian.noarch                  9:svn19787.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-biblatex-ieee.noarch                       9:svn53931-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-ijsra.noarch                      9:svn41634-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-iso690.noarch                     9:svn54561-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-jura2.noarch                      9:svn53243-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-juradiss.noarch                   9:svn54515-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-lni.noarch                        9:svn49935-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw.noarch                    9:svn32180.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology.noarch      9:svn53344-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-mla.noarch                        9:svn42445-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-morenames.noarch                  9:svn43049-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm.noarch                9:svn37081.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-biblatex-musuos.noarch                     9:svn24097.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-biblatex-nature.noarch                     9:svn48940-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-nejm.noarch                       9:svn49839-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-nottsclassic.noarch               9:svn41596-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle.noarch            9:svn48983-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-oxref.noarch                      9:svn53571-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-philosophy.noarch                 9:svn47283-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-phys.noarch                       9:svn53013-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-publist.noarch                    9:svn50989-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-realauthor.noarch                 9:svn45865-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-sbl.noarch                        9:svn49426-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-science.noarch                    9:svn48945-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-shortfields.noarch                9:svn45858-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-socialscienceshuberlin.noarch     9:svn47839-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-software.noarch                   9:svn54950-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-source-division.noarch            9:svn45379-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-subseries.noarch                  9:svn43330-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal.noarch                9:svn32750.1.1.2a-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-biblatex-trad.noarch                       9:svn46668-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit.noarch        9:svn44653-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblatex2bibitem.noarch                    9:svn54030-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibleref.noarch                            9:svn53090-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibleref-french.noarch                     9:svn53138-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibleref-german.noarch                     9:svn21923.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bibleref-lds.noarch                        9:svn25526.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bibleref-mouth.noarch                      9:svn25527.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bibleref-parse.noarch                      9:svn22054.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bibletext.noarch                           9:svn45196-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biblist.noarch                             9:svn17116.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibtex8.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibtexperllibs.noarch                      9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibtexu.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bibtopicprefix.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bibunits.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bidi.noarch                                9:svn53615-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bidi-atbegshi.noarch                       9:svn35154.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bidicontour.noarch                         9:svn34631.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bidihl.noarch                              9:svn37795.0.1c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bidipagegrid.noarch                        9:svn34632.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bidipresentation.noarch                    9:svn35267.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bidishadowtext.noarch                      9:svn34633.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                             9:svn38248.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                          9:svn53172-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bigints.noarch                             9:svn29803.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-binarytree.noarch                          9:svn41777-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-binomexp.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-biochemistry-colors.noarch                 9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-biocon.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-biolett-bst.noarch                         9:svn42217-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bitelist.noarch                            9:svn25779.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bitpattern.noarch                          9:svn39073-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bitset.noarch                              9:svn53837-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bitter.noarch                              9:svn56026-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bizcard.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-blacklettert1.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-blindtext.noarch                           9:svn25039.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-blkarray.noarch                            9:svn36406.0.07-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-blochsphere.noarch                         9:svn38388-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-block.noarch                               9:svn17209.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-blockdraw_mp.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bloques.noarch                             9:svn22490.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-blowup.noarch                              9:svn46213-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-blox.noarch                                9:svn35014.2.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bnumexpr.noarch                            9:svn49643-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bodegraph.noarch                           9:svn20047.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bohr.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-boisik.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-boites.noarch                              9:svn32235.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bold-extra.noarch                          9:svn17076.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-boldtensors.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bondgraph.noarch                           9:svn21670.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bondgraphs.noarch                          9:svn36605.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-bookcover.noarch                           9:svn46410-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bookdb.noarch                              9:svn37536.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bookest.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bookhands.noarch                           9:svn46480-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-booklet.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.7b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bookman.noarch                             9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bookmark.noarch                            9:svn53026-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-booktabs.noarch                            9:svn53402-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-booktabs-de-doc.noarch                     9:svn21907.1.61803-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-booktabs-fr-doc.noarch                     9:svn21948.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-boolexpr.noarch                            9:svn17830.3.14-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-boondox.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bophook.noarch                             9:svn17062.0.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-borceux.noarch                             9:svn21047.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bosisio.noarch                             9:svn16989.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-boxedminipage.noarch                       9:svn54827-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-boxhandler.noarch                          9:svn28031.1.30-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bpchem.noarch                              9:svn45120-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bpolynomial.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-br-lex.noarch                              9:svn44939-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bracketkey.noarch                          9:svn17129.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-braids.noarch                              9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-braille.noarch                             9:svn20655.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-braket.noarch                              9:svn17127.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-brandeis-dissertation.noarch               9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-brandeis-problemset.noarch                 9:svn50991-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-brandeis-thesis.noarch                     9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-breakcites.noarch                          9:svn21014-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-breakurl.noarch                            9:svn29901.1.40-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bredzenie.noarch                           9:svn44371-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-breqn.noarch                               9:svn54801-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bropd.noarch                               9:svn35383.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-brushscr.noarch                            9:svn28363.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-bullcntr.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-bundledoc.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-burmese.noarch                             9:svn25185.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-businesscard-qrcode.noarch                 9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bussproofs.noarch                          9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bussproofs-extra.noarch                    9:svn51299-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxbase.noarch                              9:svn44481-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxcalc.noarch                              9:svn52947-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxcjkjatype.noarch                         9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxdpx-beamer.noarch                        9:svn41813-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxdvidriver.noarch                         9:svn43219-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxeepic.noarch                             9:svn30559.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-bxenclose.noarch                           9:svn40213-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxghost.noarch                             9:svn53606-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxjaholiday.noarch                         9:svn49924-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxjalipsum.noarch                          9:svn43369-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxjaprnind.noarch                          9:svn45291-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxjscls.noarch                             9:svn54673-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxnewfont.noarch                           9:svn44173-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxorigcapt.noarch                          9:svn48606-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxpapersize.noarch                         9:svn52304-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxpdfver.noarch                            9:svn54802-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxtexlogo.noarch                           9:svn47230-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bxwareki.noarch                            9:svn51286-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-bytefield.noarch                           9:svn45339-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-c-pascal.noarch                            9:svn18337.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-c90.noarch                                 9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cabin.noarch                               9:svn55907-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cachepic.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-caladea.noarch                             9:svn34991.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-calcage.noarch                             9:svn27725.0.90-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-calctab.noarch                             9:svn15878.v0.6.1-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-calculation.noarch                         9:svn35973.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-calculator.noarch                          9:svn33041.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-calligra.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-calligra-type1.noarch                      9:svn24302.001.000-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-callouts.noarch                            9:svn44899-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-calrsfs.noarch                             9:svn17125.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cals.noarch                                9:svn43003-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-calxxxx-yyyy.noarch                        9:svn53290-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cancel.noarch                              9:svn32508.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-canoniclayout.noarch                       9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cantarell.noarch                           9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-capt-of.noarch                             9:svn29803.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-captcont.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-captdef.noarch                             9:svn17353.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-caption.noarch                             9:svn53517-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-carbohydrates.noarch                       9:svn39000-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-carlisle.noarch                            9:svn47876-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-carlito.noarch                             9:svn35002.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-carolmin-ps.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cascade.noarch                             9:svn48200-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cascadilla.noarch                          9:svn25144.1.8.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-cases.noarch                               9:svn54682-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-casyl.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-catchfile.noarch                           9:svn53084-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-catchfilebetweentags.noarch                9:svn21476.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-catcodes.noarch                            9:svn38859-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-catechis.noarch                            9:svn49061-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-catoptions.noarch                          9:svn35069.0.2.7h-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-cbcoptic.noarch                            9:svn16666.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cbfonts.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cbfonts-fd.noarch                          9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cc-pl.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.02.2-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-ccaption.noarch                            9:svn23443.3.2c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ccfonts.noarch                             9:svn54686-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ccicons.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cclicenses.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ccool.noarch                               9:svn54753-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cd.noarch                                  9:svn34452.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cd-cover.noarch                            9:svn17121.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cdpbundl.noarch                            9:svn46613-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cell.noarch                                9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cellprops.noarch                           9:svn52205-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cellspace.noarch                           9:svn50374-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-celtic.noarch                              9:svn39797-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-censor.noarch                              9:svn49168-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-centeredline.noarch                        9:svn50971-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cesenaexam.noarch                          9:svn44960-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cfr-initials.noarch                        9:svn36728.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-cfr-lm.noarch                              9:svn36195.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-changebar.noarch                           9:svn46919-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-changelayout.noarch                        9:svn16094.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-changelog.noarch                           9:svn54864-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-changepage.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-changes.noarch                             9:svn52838-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chappg.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-chapterfolder.noarch                       9:svn15878.2.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-charter.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-chbibref.noarch                            9:svn17120.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cheatsheet.noarch                          9:svn45069-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-checkcites.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-checkend.noarch                            9:svn51475-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-checklistings.noarch                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chem-journal.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-chemarrow.noarch                           9:svn17146.0.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-chembst.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.2.5-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-chemcompounds.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-chemcono.noarch                            9:svn17119.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-chemexec.noarch                            9:svn21632.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-chemfig.noarch                             9:svn54914-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemformula.noarch                         9:svn54158-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemgreek.noarch                           9:svn53437-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemmacros.noarch                          9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemnum.noarch                             9:svn52256-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemplants.noarch                          9:svn52863-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemschemex.noarch                         9:svn46723-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemsec.noarch                             9:svn46972-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chemstyle.noarch                           9:svn31096.2.0m-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-cherokee.noarch                            9:svn21046.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-chess.noarch                               9:svn20582.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-chess-problem-diagrams.noarch              9:svn53302-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chessboard.noarch                          9:svn51469-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chessfss.noarch                            9:svn19440.1.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-chet.noarch                                9:svn45081-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chextras.noarch                            9:svn27118.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-chicago.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-chicago-annote.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-chickenize.noarch                          9:svn45083-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-childdoc.noarch                            9:svn49543-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chivo.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chkfloat.noarch                            9:svn27473.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-chklref.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chktex.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chletter.noarch                            9:svn20060.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                            9:svn47577-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chordbars.noarch                           9:svn49569-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chordbox.noarch                            9:svn51000-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chronology.noarch                          9:svn37934.1.1.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-chronosys.noarch                           9:svn26700.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-chs-physics-report.noarch                  9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-chscite.noarch                             9:svn28552.2.9999-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-churchslavonic.noarch                      9:svn42751-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cinzel.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-circ.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-circledsteps.noarch                        9:svn53382-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-circuit-macros.noarch                      9:svn54994-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-circuitikz.noarch                          9:svn54873-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cite.noarch                                9:svn36428.5.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-citeall.noarch                             9:svn45975-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-citeref.noarch                             9:svn47407-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cje.noarch                                 9:svn46721-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cjhebrew.noarch                            9:svn43444-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cjk.noarch                                 9:svn36951.4.8.4-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-cjk-ko.noarch                              9:svn40373-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cjkpunct.noarch                            9:svn41119-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cjkutils.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clara.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-classics.noarch                            9:svn53671-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-classicthesis.noarch                       9:svn48041-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-classpack.noarch                           9:svn33101.0.77-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-cleanthesis.noarch                         9:svn51472-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clearsans.noarch                           9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clefval.noarch                             9:svn16549.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cleveref.noarch                            9:svn47525-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clipboard.noarch                           9:svn47747-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clock.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-clojure-pamphlet.noarch                    7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cloze.noarch                               9:svn41531-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clrdblpg.noarch                            9:svn47511-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clrscode.noarch                            9:svn51136-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clrscode3e.noarch                          9:svn51137-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-clrstrip.noarch                            9:svn53537-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cluttex.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cm.noarch                                  9:svn49028-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                              9:svn28250.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cm-mf-extra-bold.noarch                    9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cm-super.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cm-unicode.noarch                          9:svn19445.0.7.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-cmap.noarch                                9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cmarrows.noarch                            9:svn24378.v0.9-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-cmbright.noarch                            9:svn21107.8.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cmcyr.noarch                               9:svn39273-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cmdstring.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cmdtrack.noarch                            9:svn28910-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cmexb.noarch                               9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cmextra.noarch                             9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cmll.noarch                                9:svn17964.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cmpica.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cmpj.noarch                                9:svn51661-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cmsd.noarch                                9:svn18787.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cmsrb.noarch                               9:svn54706-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cmtiup.noarch                              9:svn39728-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cnbwp.noarch                               9:svn32550.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cnltx.noarch                               9:svn52601-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cns.noarch                                 9:svn45677-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cntformats.noarch                          9:svn34668.0.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cntperchap.noarch                          9:svn37572.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cochineal.noarch                           9:svn56418-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-codeanatomy.noarch                         9:svn51627-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-codedoc.noarch                             9:svn17630.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-codepage.noarch                            9:svn51502-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-codesection.noarch                         9:svn34481.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano.noarch               9:svn29803.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-coelacanth.noarch                          9:svn54736-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collcell.noarch                            9:svn21539.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-collectbox.noarch                          9:svn26557.0.4b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                    9:svn54186-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-bibtexextra.noarch              9:svn54875-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-binextra.noarch                 9:svn54732-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-context.noarch                  9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-fontsextra.noarch               9:svn54138-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch         9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-fontutils.noarch                9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-formatsextra.noarch             9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-games.noarch                    9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-humanities.noarch               9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langarabic.noarch               9:svn54405-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langchinese.noarch              9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langcjk.noarch                  9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langcyrillic.noarch             9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langczechslovak.noarch          9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langenglish.noarch              9:svn54689-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langeuropean.noarch             9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langfrench.noarch               9:svn54675-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langgerman.noarch               9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langgreek.noarch                9:svn54139-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langitalian.noarch              9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langjapanese.noarch             9:svn54894-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langkorean.noarch               9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langother.noarch                9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langpolish.noarch               9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langportuguese.noarch           9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-langspanish.noarch              9:svn54141-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                    9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-latexextra.noarch               9:svn54851-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch         9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-luatex.noarch                   9:svn54741-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-mathscience.noarch              9:svn54754-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-metapost.noarch                 9:svn50293-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-music.noarch                    9:svn54666-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-pictures.noarch                 9:svn54812-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-plaingeneric.noarch             9:svn54723-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-pstricks.noarch                 9:svn54455-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-publishers.noarch               9:svn54407-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-texworks.noarch                 9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                    9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-collref.noarch                             9:svn46358-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-colophon.noarch                            9:svn47913-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-colordoc.noarch                            9:svn18270.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-colorinfo.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.3c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-coloring.noarch                            9:svn41042-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                       9:svn49086-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-colorsep.noarch                            9:svn13293.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-colorspace.noarch                          9:svn50585-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-colortab.noarch                            9:svn22155.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-colortbl.noarch                            9:svn53545-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-colorwav.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-colorweb.noarch                            9:svn31490.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-colourchange.noarch                        9:svn21741.1.22-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-combelow.noarch                            9:svn18462.0.99f-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-combine.noarch                             9:svn19361.0.7a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-combinedgraphics.noarch                    9:svn27198.0.2.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-combofont.noarch                           9:svn51348-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-comfortaa.noarch                           9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-comicneue.noarch                           9:svn54891-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-comma.noarch                               9:svn18259.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-commado.noarch                             9:svn38875-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-commath.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-commedit.noarch                            9:svn50116-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-comment.noarch                             9:svn41927-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-compactbib.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-competences.noarch                         9:svn47573-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-complexity.noarch                          9:svn45322-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-components-of-TeX-doc.noarch               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-comprehensive-doc.noarch                   9:svn46270-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-computational-complexity.noarch            9:svn44847-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-concepts.noarch                            9:svn29020.0.0.5_r1-35.fc33            @updates              
texlive-concmath.noarch                            9:svn17219.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-concmath-fonts.noarch                      9:svn17218.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-concprog.noarch                            9:svn18791.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-concrete.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-confproc.noarch                            9:svn29349.0.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-constants.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-conteq.noarch                              9:svn37868.0.1.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-context.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-account.noarch                     9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-algorithmic.noarch                 9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-animation.noarch                   9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-annotation.noarch                  9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-bnf.noarch                         9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-chromato.noarch                    9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-cmscbf.noarch                      9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-cmttbf.noarch                      9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-construction-plan.noarch           9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers.noarch             9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-degrade.noarch                     9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-fancybreak.noarch                  9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-filter.noarch                      9:svn54912-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-french.noarch                      9:svn54215-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-fullpage.noarch                    9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-gantt.noarch                       9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-gnuplot.noarch                     9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-handlecsv.noarch                   9:svn51306-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-inifile.noarch                     9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-layout.noarch                      9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-letter.noarch                      9:svn53499-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-lettrine.noarch                    9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-mathsets.noarch                    9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-notes-zh-cn.noarch                 9:svn23171.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-context-rst.noarch                         9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-ruby.noarch                        9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-simplefonts.noarch                 9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-simpleslides.noarch                9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-title.noarch                       9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-transliterator.noarch              9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-typearea.noarch                    9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-typescripts.noarch                 9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-vim.noarch                         9:svn54913-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-context-visualcounter.noarch               9:svn47085-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-continue.noarch                            9:svn49449-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-contour.noarch                             9:svn18950.2.14-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-contracard.noarch                          9:svn50217-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-conv-xkv.noarch                            9:svn43558-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-convbkmk.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cooking.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.9b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-cooking-units.noarch                       9:svn53403-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cookingsymbols.noarch                      9:svn35929.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cool.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.35-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-coollist.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-coolstr.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-coolthms.noarch                            9:svn29062.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cooltooltips.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-coordsys.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-copyedit.noarch                            9:svn37928.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-copyrightbox.noarch                        9:svn24829.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cormorantgaramond.noarch                   9:svn54696-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-correctmathalign.noarch                    9:svn44131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-coseoul.noarch                             9:svn23862.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-countriesofeurope.noarch                   9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-counttexruns.noarch                        9:svn27576.1.00a-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-courier.noarch                             9:svn35058.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-courier-scaled.noarch                      9:svn24940.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-courseoutline.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-coursepaper.noarch                         9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-coverpage.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-covington.noarch                           9:svn53303-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cprotect.noarch                            9:svn21209.1.0e-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-cqubeamer.noarch                           9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cquthesis.noarch                           9:svn52355-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-crbox.noarch                               9:svn29803.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-crimson.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-crimsonpro.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-crop.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-crossreference.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-crossreftools.noarch                       9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-crossrefware.noarch                        7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-crossword.noarch                           9:svn32657.1.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-crosswrd.noarch                            9:svn16896.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cryptocode.noarch                          9:svn49131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cryst.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cs.noarch                                  9:svn41553-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-csbulletin.noarch                          9:svn54433-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cslatex.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-csplain.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-csquotes.noarch                            9:svn53041-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-csquotes-de-doc.noarch                     9:svn23371.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-css-colors.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cstex-doc.noarch                           9:svn53767-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cstypo.noarch                              9:svn41986-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-csvmerge.noarch                            9:svn51857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-csvsimple.noarch                           9:svn51010-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctable.noarch                              9:svn38672-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                         9:svn38514-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctan-o-mat.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctan_chk-doc.noarch                        9:svn36304.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ctanbib.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctanify.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctanupload.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctex.noarch                                9:svn54841-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ctex-faq-doc.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ctib.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ctie.x86_64                                7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cuisine.noarch                             9:svn34453.0.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cuprum.noarch                              9:svn49909-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-currency.noarch                            9:svn48990-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-currfile.noarch                            9:svn40725-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-currvita.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cursolatex-doc.noarch                      9:svn24139.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-curve.noarch                               9:svn20745.1.16-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-curve2e.noarch                             9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-curves.noarch                              9:svn45255-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-custom-bib.noarch                          9:svn24729.4.33-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-cutwin.noarch                              9:svn29803.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cv.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cv4tw.noarch                               9:svn34577.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cweb.x86_64                                7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cweb-latex.noarch                          9:svn28878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-cweb-old.noarch                            9:svn49271-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cyber.noarch                               9:svn46776-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cybercic.noarch                            9:svn37659.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-cyklop.noarch                              9:svn18651.0.915-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-cyrillic.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-cyrplain.noarch                            9:svn45692-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dad.noarch                                 9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dancers.noarch                             9:svn13293.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dantelogo.noarch                           9:svn38599-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dashbox.noarch                             9:svn23425.1.14-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dashrule.noarch                            9:svn29579.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dashundergaps.noarch                       9:svn53756-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dataref.noarch                             9:svn42883-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datatool.noarch                            9:svn52663-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dateiliste.noarch                          9:svn27974.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-datenumber.noarch                          9:svn18951.0.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-datetime.noarch                            9:svn36650.2.60-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-datetime2.noarch                           9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-bahasai.noarch                   9:svn46287-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-basque.noarch                    9:svn47064-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-breton.noarch                    9:svn52647-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-bulgarian.noarch                 9:svn47031-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-catalan.noarch                   9:svn47032-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-croatian.noarch                  9:svn36682.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-datetime2-czech.noarch                     9:svn47033-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-danish.noarch                    9:svn47034-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-dutch.noarch                     9:svn47355-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext.noarch               9:svn36705.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-datetime2-english.noarch                   9:svn52479-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-esperanto.noarch                 9:svn47356-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-estonian.noarch                  9:svn47565-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-finnish.noarch                   9:svn47047-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-french.noarch                    9:svn43742-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-galician.noarch                  9:svn47631-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-german.noarch                    9:svn53125-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-greek.noarch                     9:svn47533-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-hebrew.noarch                    9:svn47534-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-icelandic.noarch                 9:svn47501-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-irish.noarch                     9:svn47632-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext.noarch               9:svn54779-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-italian.noarch                   9:svn37146.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-datetime2-latin.noarch                     9:svn47748-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-lsorbian.noarch                  9:svn47749-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-magyar.noarch                    9:svn48266-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-norsk.noarch                     9:svn48267-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-polish.noarch                    9:svn48456-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-portuges.noarch                  9:svn48457-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-romanian.noarch                  9:svn43743-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-russian.noarch                   9:svn49345-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-samin.noarch                     9:svn49346-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-scottish.noarch                  9:svn52101-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-serbian.noarch                   9:svn52893-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-slovak.noarch                    9:svn52281-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-slovene.noarch                   9:svn52282-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-spanish.noarch                   9:svn45785-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-swedish.noarch                   9:svn36700.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-datetime2-turkish.noarch                   9:svn52331-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-ukrainian.noarch                 9:svn47552-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-usorbian.noarch                  9:svn52375-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-datetime2-welsh.noarch                     9:svn52553-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dblfloatfix.noarch                         9:svn28983.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dccpaper.noarch                            9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dcpic.noarch                               9:svn30206.5.0.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-ddphonism.noarch                           9:svn52009-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-de-macro.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-decimal.noarch                             9:svn23374.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-decorule.noarch                            9:svn23487.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dehyph.noarch                              9:svn48599-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dehyph-exptl.noarch                        9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dejavu.noarch                              9:svn31771.2.34-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dejavu-otf.noarch                          9:svn45991-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-delim.noarch                               9:svn23974.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-delimseasy.noarch                          9:svn39589-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-delimset.noarch                            9:svn49544-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-delimtxt.noarch                            9:svn16549.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-denisbdoc.noarch                           9:svn54584-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-derivative.noarch                          9:svn53654-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-detex.x86_64                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dhua.noarch                                9:svn24035.0.11-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-diabetes-logbook.noarch                    9:svn54810-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-diadia.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-diagbox.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-diagmac2.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-diagnose.noarch                            9:svn19387.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dialogl.noarch                             9:svn28946.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dice.noarch                                9:svn28501.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dichokey.noarch                            9:svn17192.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dickimaw-doc.noarch                        9:svn32925.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dictsym.noarch                             9:svn20031.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-diffcoeff.noarch                           9:svn53244-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-digiconfigs.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dijkstra.noarch                            9:svn45256-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-din1505.noarch                             9:svn19441.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dinat.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dinbrief.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dingbat.noarch                             9:svn27918.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-directory.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dirtree.noarch                             9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dirtytalk.noarch                           9:svn20520.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-disser.noarch                              9:svn43417-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ditaa.noarch                               9:svn48932-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dithesis.noarch                            9:svn34295.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dk-bib.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dlfltxb.noarch                             9:svn17337.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dnaseq.noarch                              9:svn17194.0.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dnp.noarch                                 9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-doc-pictex-doc.noarch                      9:svn24927.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-docbytex.noarch                            9:svn34294.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-doclicense.noarch                          9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-docmfp.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.2d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-docmute.noarch                             9:svn25741.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-docsurvey-doc.noarch                       9:svn48931-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-doctools.noarch                            9:svn34474.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-documentation.noarch                       9:svn34521.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-doi.noarch                                 9:svn48634-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-doipubmed.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-domitian.noarch                            9:svn55286-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dosepsbin.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dot2texi.noarch                            9:svn26237.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dotarrow.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.01a-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-dotlessi.noarch                            9:svn51476-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dotseqn.noarch                             9:svn17195.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dottex.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-doublestroke.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.111-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-dowith.noarch                              9:svn38860-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-download.noarch                            9:svn52257-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dox.noarch                                 9:svn46011-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dozenal.noarch                             9:svn47680-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dpcircling.noarch                          9:svn54994-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dpfloat.noarch                             9:svn17196.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-dprogress.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-drac.noarch                                9:svn15878.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-draftcopy.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.16-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-draftfigure.noarch                         9:svn44854-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-draftwatermark.noarch                      9:svn54317-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dramatist.noarch                           9:svn35866.1.2e-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dratex.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-drawmatrix.noarch                          9:svn44471-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-drawstack.noarch                           9:svn28582.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-drm.noarch                                 9:svn38157.4.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-droid.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-droit-fr.noarch                            9:svn39802-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-drs.noarch                                 9:svn19232.1.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-drv.noarch                                 9:svn29349.0.97-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dsptricks.noarch                           9:svn34724.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dsserif.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dtk.noarch                                 9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dtl.x86_64                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dtxdescribe.noarch                         9:svn51652-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dtxgallery-doc.noarch                      9:svn49504-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dtxgen.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dtxtut-doc.noarch                          9:svn38375.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ducksay.noarch                             9:svn53631-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-duckuments.noarch                          9:svn52271-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-duerer.noarch                              9:svn20741.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-duerer-latex.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-duotenzor.noarch                           9:svn18728.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dutchcal.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvdcoll.noarch                             9:svn15878.v1.1a-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-dvgloss.noarch                             9:svn29103.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dvi2tty.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dviasm.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvicopy.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvidvi.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dviincl.noarch                             9:svn29349.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dviinfox.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dviljk.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dviout-util.x86_64                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvipos.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvips.x86_64                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dvipsconfig.noarch                         9:svn13293.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dynamicnumber.noarch                       9:svn38726-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dynblocks.noarch                           9:svn35193.0.2b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-dynkin-diagrams.noarch                     9:svn54489-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-dyntree.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-e-french.noarch                            9:svn52027-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ean.noarch                                 9:svn20851.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ean13isbn.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-easy.noarch                                9:svn19440.0.99-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-easy-todo.noarch                           9:svn32677.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-easyfig.noarch                             9:svn47193-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-easyformat.noarch                          9:svn44543-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-easylist.noarch                            9:svn32661.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-easyreview.noarch                          9:svn38352.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ebezier.noarch                             9:svn15878.4-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ebgaramond.noarch                          9:svn54721-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ebgaramond-maths.noarch                    9:svn52168-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ebong.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ebook.noarch                               9:svn29466.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ebproof.noarch                             9:svn44392-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ebsthesis.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ec.noarch                                  9:svn25033.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ecc.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ecclesiastic.noarch                        9:svn38172.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ecgdraw.noarch                             9:svn41617-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ecltree.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-eco.noarch                                 9:svn29349.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ecobiblatex.noarch                         9:svn39233-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-econ-bst.noarch                            9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-econometrics.noarch                        9:svn39396-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-economic.noarch                            9:svn32639.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ecothesis.noarch                           9:svn48007-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ecv.noarch                                 9:svn24928.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ed.noarch                                  9:svn25231.1.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-edfnotes.noarch                            9:svn21540.0.6b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-edmac.noarch                               9:svn15878.3.17-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-edmargin.noarch                            9:svn27599.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ednotes.noarch                             9:svn35829.1.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-eemeir.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-eepic.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1e-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-efbox.noarch                               9:svn33236.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-egameps.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-egplot.noarch                              9:svn20617.1.02a-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-ehhline.noarch                             9:svn54676-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eiad.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-eiad-ltx.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-eijkhout.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-einfuehrung-doc.noarch                     9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-einfuehrung2-doc.noarch                    9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ejpecp.noarch                              9:svn50761-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ekaia.noarch                               9:svn49594-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elbioimp.noarch                            9:svn21758.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-electrum.noarch                            9:svn19705.1.005_b-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-eledform.noarch                            9:svn38114.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-eledmac.noarch                             9:svn45418-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elegantbook.noarch                         9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elegantnote.noarch                         9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elegantpaper.noarch                        9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elements.noarch                            9:svn52398-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ellipse.noarch                             9:svn39025-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ellipsis.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-elmath.noarch                              9:svn15878.v1.2-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-elocalloc.noarch                           9:svn42712-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elpres.noarch                              9:svn46429-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-els-cas-templates.noarch                   9:svn54317-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elsarticle.noarch                          9:svn50786-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-elteikthesis.noarch                        9:svn53926-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eltex.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-elvish.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-elzcards.noarch                            9:svn51894-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-emarks.noarch                              9:svn24504.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-embedall.noarch                            9:svn51177-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-embedfile.noarch                           9:svn54865-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-embrac.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-emf.noarch                                 9:svn42023-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-emisa.noarch                               9:svn46734-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-emoji.noarch                               9:svn54362-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-emojicite.noarch                           9:svn54857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-emp.noarch                                 9:svn23483.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-emptypage.noarch                           9:svn18064.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-emulateapj.noarch                          9:svn28469.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-enctex.noarch                              9:svn34957.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-encxvlna.noarch                            9:svn34087.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-endfloat.noarch                            9:svn51003-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-endheads.noarch                            9:svn43750-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-endiagram.noarch                           9:svn34486.0.1d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-endnotes.noarch                            9:svn53319-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-endnotes-hy.noarch                         9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-endnotesj.noarch                           9:svn47703-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-endofproofwd.noarch                        9:svn45116-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-engpron.noarch                             9:svn16558.2-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-engrec.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-engtlc.noarch                              9:svn28571.3.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-enigma.noarch                              9:svn29802.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-enotez.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-enumitem.noarch                            9:svn51423-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-enumitem-zref.noarch                       9:svn21472.1.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-envbig.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-environ.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-envlab.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-epigrafica.noarch                          9:svn17210.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-epigram.noarch                             9:svn20513.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-epigraph.noarch                            9:svn54857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-epigraph-keys.noarch                       9:svn54851-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-epiolmec.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-eplain.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-epsdice.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-epsf.noarch                                9:svn21461.2.7.4-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx.noarch                       9:svn35575.2014-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-epsincl.noarch                             9:svn29349.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-epslatex-fr-doc.noarch                     9:svn19440.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-epspdf.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-epspdfconversion.noarch                    9:svn18703.0.61-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                        9:svn53546-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eqell.noarch                               9:svn22931.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-eqexpl.noarch                              9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eqlist.noarch                              9:svn32257.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-eqnalign.noarch                            9:svn43278-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eqname.noarch                              9:svn20678.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-eqnarray.noarch                            9:svn20641.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-eqnnumwarn.noarch                          9:svn45511-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                            9:svn45215-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-erdc.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-erewhon.noarch                             9:svn55705-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-erewhon-math.noarch                        9:svn54769-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-errata.noarch                              9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-erw-l3.noarch                              9:svn53694-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-es-tex-faq-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.97-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-esami.noarch                               9:svn47639-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-esdiff.noarch                              9:svn21385.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-esindex.noarch                             9:svn52342-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-esint.noarch                               9:svn52240-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-esint-type1.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-esk.noarch                                 9:svn18115.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-eskd.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-eskdx.noarch                               9:svn29235.0.98-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                             9:svn47694-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-esrelation.noarch                          9:svn37236.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-esstix.noarch                              9:svn22426.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-estcpmm.noarch                             9:svn17335.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-esvect.noarch                              9:svn32098.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-etaremune.noarch                           9:svn15878.v1.2-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-etbb.noarch                                9:svn56390-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-etdipa-doc.noarch                          9:svn36354.2.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-etex.noarch                                9:svn37057.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                            9:svn41784-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                            9:svn53171-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-etextools.noarch                           9:svn20694.3.1415926-35.fc33           @updates              
texlive-ethiop.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ethiop-t1.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-etoc.noarch                                9:svn52842-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                            9:svn52153-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-etoolbox-de-doc.noarch                     9:svn21906.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-etsvthor.noarch                            9:svn48186-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-euclideangeometry.noarch                   9:svn54897-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-euenc.noarch                               9:svn19795.0.1h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-euflag.noarch                              9:svn49970-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eukdate.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-euler.noarch                               9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eulerpx.noarch                             9:svn43735-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eulervm.noarch                             9:svn15878.4.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-euro.noarch                                9:svn22191.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                             9:svn25714-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-europasscv.noarch                          9:svn49703-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-europecv.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-eurosym.noarch                             9:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-35.fc33         @updates              
texlive-euxm.noarch                                9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-everyhook.noarch                           9:svn35675.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-everypage.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-exam.noarch                                9:svn46084-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exam-n.noarch                              9:svn42755-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exam-randomizechoices.noarch               9:svn49662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-examdesign.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-example.noarch                             9:svn33398.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-examplep.noarch                            9:svn16916.0.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-exceltex.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-excludeonly.noarch                         9:svn17262.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-exercise.noarch                            9:svn35417.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-exercisebank.noarch                        9:svn50448-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exercisepoints.noarch                      9:svn49590-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exercises.noarch                           9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exframe.noarch                             9:svn53911-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exp-testopt.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-expdlist.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-expex.noarch                               9:svn44499-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-expkv.noarch                               9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-expkv-cs.noarch                            9:svn54939-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-expkv-def.noarch                           9:svn54994-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-export.noarch                              9:svn27206.1.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-expose-expl3-dunkerque-2019.noarch         9:svn54451-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-expressg.noarch                            9:svn29349.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-exsheets.noarch                            9:svn52227-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exsol.noarch                               9:svn48977-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-extarrows.noarch                           9:svn54400-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-exteps.noarch                              9:svn19859.0.41-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-extpfeil.noarch                            9:svn16243.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-extract.noarch                             9:svn52117-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-extsizes.noarch                            9:svn17263.1.4a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-facsimile.noarch                           9:svn21328.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-factura.noarch                             9:svn54803-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-facture.noarch                             9:svn43865-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-facture-belge-simple-sans-tva.noarch       9:svn49004-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-faktor.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fancybox.noarch                            9:svn18304.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fancyhandout.noarch                        9:svn46411-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                            9:svn49886-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fancyhdr-it-doc.noarch                     9:svn21912.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fancylabel.noarch                          9:svn46736-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fancynum.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fancypar.noarch                            9:svn49801-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fancyref.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.9c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fancyslides.noarch                         9:svn36263.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fancytabs.noarch                           9:svn41549-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fancytooltips.noarch                       9:svn27129.1.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                            9:svn53392-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fandol.noarch                              9:svn37889.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fascicules.noarch                          9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fast-diagram.noarch                        9:svn29264.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fbb.noarch                                 9:svn55728-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fbithesis.noarch                           9:svn21340.1.2m-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fbox.noarch                                9:svn53320-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fbs.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fc.noarch                                  9:svn32796.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fcavtex.noarch                             9:svn38074.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fcltxdoc.noarch                            9:svn24500.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fcolumn.noarch                             9:svn50937-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fdsymbol.noarch                            9:svn26722.0.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fduthesis.noarch                           9:svn50738-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-featpost.noarch                            9:svn35346.0.8.8-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-fei.noarch                                 9:svn54178-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fenixpar.noarch                            9:svn24730.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fetamont.noarch                            9:svn43812-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fetchcls.noarch                            9:svn45245-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-feupphdteses.noarch                        9:svn30962.4.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fewerfloatpages.noarch                     9:svn53779-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-feyn.noarch                                9:svn45679-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-feynmf.noarch                              9:svn17259.1.08-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-feynmp-auto.noarch                         9:svn30223.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ffslides.noarch                            9:svn38895-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fge.noarch                                 9:svn37628.1.25-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fgruler.noarch                             9:svn42966-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fibeamer.noarch                            9:svn53146-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fifinddo-info-doc.noarch                   9:svn29349.1.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fifo-stack.noarch                          9:svn33288.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fig4latex.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-figbas.noarch                              9:svn28943.1.0.3-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-figbib.noarch                              9:svn19388.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-figflow.noarch                             9:svn21462.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-figsize.noarch                             9:svn18784.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-filecontents.noarch                        9:svn52142-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-filecontentsdef.noarch                     9:svn52208-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-filedate.noarch                            9:svn29529.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-filehook.noarch                            9:svn53655-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fileinfo.noarch                            9:svn28421.0.81a-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-filemod.noarch                             9:svn24042.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-finbib.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-findhyph.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fink.noarch                                9:svn24329.2.2.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-finstrut.noarch                            9:svn21719.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fira.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-firamath.noarch                            9:svn53388-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-firamath-otf.noarch                        9:svn50732-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-first-latex-doc-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fitbox.noarch                              9:svn50088-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fithesis.noarch                            9:svn54483-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fix2col.noarch                             9:svn38770-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fixcmex.noarch                             9:svn51825-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fixfoot.noarch                             9:svn17131.0.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fixjfm.noarch                              9:svn47113-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                          9:svn21631.1a-35.fc33                  @updates              
texlive-fixltxhyph.noarch                          9:svn25832.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fixme.noarch                               9:svn49591-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fixmetodonotes.noarch                      9:svn30168.0.2.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-fixpdfmag.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fiziko.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fjodor.noarch                              9:svn53207-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-flabels.noarch                             9:svn17272.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-flacards.noarch                            9:svn19440.0.1.1b-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-flagderiv.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-flashcards.noarch                          9:svn19667.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-flashmovie.noarch                          9:svn25768.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-flipbook.noarch                            9:svn25584.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-flippdf.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-float.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.3d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-floatflt.noarch                            9:svn25540.1.31-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-floatrow.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.3b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-flowchart.noarch                           9:svn36572.3.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-flowfram.noarch                            9:svn35291.1.17-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fltpoint.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fmp.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                            9:svn53912-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fn2end.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fnbreak.noarch                             9:svn25003.1.30-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fncychap.noarch                            9:svn20710.v1.34-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-fncylab.noarch                             9:svn52090-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fnpara.noarch                              9:svn25607.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fnpct.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fnspe.noarch                               9:svn45360-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fntproof.noarch                            9:svn20638.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fnumprint.noarch                           9:svn29173.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-foekfont.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-foilhtml.noarch                            9:svn21855.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fonetika.noarch                            9:svn21326.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-font-change.noarch                         9:svn40403-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-font-change-xetex.noarch                   9:svn40404-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                         9:svn48145-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontawesome5.noarch                        9:svn54517-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontaxes.noarch                            9:svn33276.1.0d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fontbook.noarch                            9:svn23608.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fontch.noarch                              9:svn17859.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fontinst.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontmfizz.noarch                           9:svn43546-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontname.noarch                            9:svn53228-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontools.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fonts-churchslavonic.noarch                9:svn43121-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontsetup.noarch                           9:svn53195-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontsize.noarch                            9:svn53874-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontspec.noarch                            9:svn53860-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fonttable.noarch                           9:svn44799-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontware.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-footbib.noarch                             9:svn17115.2.0.7-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-footmisc.noarch                            9:svn23330.5.5b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-footmisx.noarch                            9:svn42621-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-footnotebackref.noarch                     9:svn27034.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                       9:svn52676-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-footnoterange.noarch                       9:svn52910-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-footnpag.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-forarray.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-foreign.noarch                             9:svn27819.2.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-forest.noarch                              9:svn44797-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-forest-quickstart-doc.noarch               9:svn42503-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-forloop.noarch                             9:svn15878.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-formation-latex-ul.noarch                  9:svn50205-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-formlett.noarch                            9:svn21480.2.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-forms16be.noarch                           9:svn51305-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-formular.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-forum.noarch                               9:svn56025-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fouridx.noarch                             9:svn32214.2.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fourier.noarch                             9:svn54090-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fouriernc.noarch                           9:svn29646.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fp.noarch                                  9:svn49719-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fpl.noarch                                 9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fragmaster.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fragments.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-frame.noarch                               9:svn18312.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-framed.noarch                              9:svn26789.0.96-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-francais-bst.noarch                        9:svn38922-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-frankenstein.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-frcursive.noarch                           9:svn24559.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-frederika2016.noarch                       9:svn42157-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-frege.noarch                               9:svn27417.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-frenchmath.noarch                          9:svn51192-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-frletter.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-frontespizio.noarch                        9:svn24054.1.4a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ftc-notebook.noarch                        9:svn50043-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ftcap.noarch                               9:svn17275.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ftnxtra.noarch                             9:svn29652.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fullblck.noarch                            9:svn25434.1.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-fullminipage.noarch                        9:svn34545.0.1.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-fullwidth.noarch                           9:svn24684.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-functan.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fundus-calligra.noarch                     9:svn26018.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fundus-cyr.noarch                          9:svn26019.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-fundus-sueterlin.noarch                    9:svn26030.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-fvextra.noarch                             9:svn49947-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-fwlw.noarch                                9:svn29803.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-g-brief.noarch                             9:svn50415-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gaceta.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.06-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-galois.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gamebook.noarch                            9:svn24714.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gammas.noarch                              9:svn50012-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-garamond-libre.noarch                      9:svn55166-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-garamond-math.noarch                       9:svn52820-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-garrigues.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                          9:svn37677.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gastex.noarch                              9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gatech-thesis.noarch                       9:svn19886.1.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gates.noarch                               9:svn29803.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gatherenum.noarch                          9:svn52209-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gauss.noarch                               9:svn32934.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gb4e.noarch                                9:svn19216.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gbt7714.noarch                             9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gcard.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gchords.noarch                             9:svn29803.1.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-gcite.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gender.noarch                              9:svn36464.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gene-logic.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-genealogy.noarch                           9:svn25112.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-genealogytree.noarch                       9:svn50872-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-genmpage.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.3.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gentium-tug.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gentle-doc.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gentombow.noarch                           9:svn51697-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-geometry.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-german.noarch                              9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-germbib.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-germkorr.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-geschichtsfrkl.noarch                      9:svn42121-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-getfiledate.noarch                         9:svn16189.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-getitems.noarch                            9:svn39365-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-getmap.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-getoptk.noarch                             9:svn23567.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                      9:svn53170-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gfnotation.noarch                          9:svn37156.2.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gfsartemisia.noarch                        9:svn19469.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gfsbaskerville.noarch                      9:svn19440.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gfsbodoni.noarch                           9:svn28484.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-gfscomplutum.noarch                        9:svn19469.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gfsdidot.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gfsdidotclassic.noarch                     9:svn52778-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gfsneohellenic.noarch                      9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gfsneohellenicmath.noarch                  9:svn52570-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gfsporson.noarch                           9:svn18651.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-gfssolomos.noarch                          9:svn18651.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ghab.noarch                                9:svn29803.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ghsystem.noarch                            9:svn53822-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gillcm.noarch                              9:svn19878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gillius.noarch                             9:svn32068.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gincltex.noarch                            9:svn23835.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gindex.noarch                              9:svn52311-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ginpenc.noarch                             9:svn24980.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-git-latexdiff.noarch                       9:svn54732-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gitfile-info.noarch                        9:svn51928-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gitinfo.noarch                             9:svn34049.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gitinfo2.noarch                            9:svn38913-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gitlog.noarch                              9:svn38932-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gitver.noarch                              9:svn49980-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-globalvals.noarch                          9:svn49962-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glosmathtools.noarch                       9:svn54558-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gloss.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.5.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gloss-occitan.noarch                       9:svn52593-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glossaries.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glossaries-danish.noarch                   9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-dutch.noarch                    9:svn35685.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-english.noarch                  9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-estonian.noarch                 9:svn49928-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glossaries-extra.noarch                    9:svn54688-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glossaries-finnish.noarch                  9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glossaries-french.noarch                   9:svn42873-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glossaries-german.noarch                   9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-irish.noarch                    9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-italian.noarch                  9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-magyar.noarch                   9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-polish.noarch                   9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-portuges.noarch                 9:svn36064.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-serbian.noarch                  9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glossaries-slovene.noarch                  9:svn51211-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-glossaries-spanish.noarch                  9:svn35665.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gmdoc.noarch                               9:svn21292.0.993-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gmdoc-enhance.noarch                       9:svn15878.v0.2-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-gmiflink.noarch                            9:svn15878.v0.97-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gmp.noarch                                 9:svn21691.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gmutils.noarch                             9:svn24287.v0.996-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-gmverb.noarch                              9:svn24288.v0.98-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gmverse.noarch                             9:svn29803.v0.73-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gnu-freefont.noarch                        9:svn29349.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gnuplottex.noarch                          9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-go.noarch                                  9:svn28628.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gobble.noarch                              9:svn49608-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gofonts.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gost.noarch                                9:svn44131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gothic.noarch                              9:svn49869-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gotoh.noarch                               9:svn44764-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-grabbox.noarch                             9:svn51052-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gradientframe.noarch                       9:svn21387.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gradstudentresume.noarch                   9:svn38832-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-grafcet.noarch                             9:svn22509.1.3.5-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-grant.noarch                               9:svn41905-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graph35.noarch                             9:svn47522-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graphbox.noarch                            9:svn46360-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graphics.noarch                            9:svn53640-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                        9:svn41448-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                        9:svn54522-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graphics-pln.noarch                        9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graphicx-psmin.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-graphicxbox.noarch                         9:svn32630.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-graphicxpsd.noarch                         9:svn46477-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-graphviz.noarch                            9:svn31517.0.94-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-grayhints.noarch                           9:svn49052-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-greek-fontenc.noarch                       9:svn53955-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-greek-inputenc.noarch                      9:svn51612-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-greekdates.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-greektex.noarch                            9:svn28327.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-greektonoi.noarch                          9:svn39419-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-greenpoint.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-gregoriotex.x86_64                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-grfext.noarch                              9:svn53024-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-grffile.noarch                             9:svn52756-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-grfpaste.noarch                            9:svn17354.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-grid.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-grid-system.noarch                         9:svn32981.0.3.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gridset.noarch                             9:svn53762-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gridslides.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-grotesq.noarch                             9:svn35859.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-grundgesetze.noarch                        9:svn34439.1.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-gsemthesis.noarch                          9:svn36244.0.9.4-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gtl.noarch                                 9:svn49527-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gtrcrd.noarch                              9:svn32484.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-gtrlib-largetrees.noarch                   9:svn49062-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gu.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-guide-to-latex-doc.noarch                  9:svn45712-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-guitar.noarch                              9:svn32258.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-guitarchordschemes.noarch                  9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-guitartabs.noarch                          9:svn48102-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-guitlogo.noarch                            9:svn51582-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gustlib.noarch                             9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gustprog-doc.noarch                        9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-gzt.noarch                                 9:svn54390-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-h2020proposal.noarch                       9:svn38428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hackthefootline.noarch                     9:svn46494-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hacm.noarch                                9:svn27671.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-hagenberg-thesis.noarch                    9:svn51150-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-halloweenmath.noarch                       9:svn52602-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-handin.noarch                              9:svn48255-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-handout.noarch                             9:svn43962-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hands.noarch                               9:svn13293.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-hang.noarch                                9:svn43280-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hanging.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.2b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hanoi.noarch                               9:svn25019.20120101-35.fc33            @updates              
texlive-happy4th-doc.noarch                        9:svn25020.20120102-35.fc33            @updates              
texlive-har2nat.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-haranoaji.noarch                           9:svn54784-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-haranoaji-extra.noarch                     9:svn54783-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hardwrap.noarch                            9:svn21396.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-harmony.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-harnon-cv.noarch                           9:svn26543.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-harpoon.noarch                             9:svn21327.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-harvard.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.0.5-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-harveyballs.noarch                         9:svn32003.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-harvmac.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-hatching.noarch                            9:svn23818.0.11-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hausarbeit-jura.noarch                     9:svn50762-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-havannah.noarch                            9:svn36348.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-hc.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-he-she.noarch                              9:svn41359-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hecthese.noarch                            9:svn50590-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-helvetic.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-hep.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-hep-paper.noarch                           9:svn54994-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hepnames.noarch                            9:svn35722.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-hepparticles.noarch                        9:svn35723.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-hepthesis.noarch                           9:svn46054-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hepunits.noarch                            9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-here.noarch                                9:svn16135.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-heuristica.noarch                          9:svn51362-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hexgame.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-hf-tikz.noarch                             9:svn34733.0.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hfbright.noarch                            9:svn29349.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-hfoldsty.noarch                            9:svn29349.1.15-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hhtensor.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-histogr.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-historische-zeitschrift.noarch             9:svn42635-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hitec.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.0_beta_-35.fc33           @updates              
texlive-hithesis.noarch                            9:svn53362-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hitszbeamer.noarch                         9:svn54381-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hitszthesis.noarch                         9:svn54709-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hletter.noarch                             9:svn30002.4.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-hlist.noarch                               9:svn44983-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hmtrump.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hobby.noarch                               9:svn44474-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hobete.noarch                              9:svn27036.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-hobsub.noarch                              9:svn52810-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hologo.noarch                              9:svn53048-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hook-pre-commit-pkg-doc.noarch             9:svn41378-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-horoscop.noarch                            9:svn30530.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hpsdiss.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-hrefhide.noarch                            9:svn22255.1.0f-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hrlatex.noarch                             9:svn18020.0.23-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hu-berlin-bundle.noarch                    9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hulipsum.noarch                            9:svn46803-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hustthesis.noarch                          9:svn42547-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hvfloat.noarch                             9:svn52010-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hvindex.noarch                             9:svn46051-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hvqrurl.noarch                             9:svn52993-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hycolor.noarch                             9:svn53584-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hypdvips.noarch                            9:svn53197-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyper.noarch                               9:svn17357.4.2d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hyperbar.noarch                            9:svn48147-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hypernat.noarch                            9:svn17358.1.0b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hyperref.noarch                            9:svn54841-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyperxmp.noarch                            9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                           9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-afrikaans.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-ancientgreek.noarch                 9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-arabic.noarch                       9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-armenian.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                         9:svn54763-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-basque.noarch                       9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-belarusian.noarch                   9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-bulgarian.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-catalan.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-chinese.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-churchslavonic.noarch               9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-coptic.noarch                       9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-croatian.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-czech.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-danish.noarch                       9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-dutch.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-english.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-esperanto.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-estonian.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-ethiopic.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-farsi.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-finnish.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-french.noarch                       9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-friulan.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-galician.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-georgian.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-german.noarch                       9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-greek.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-hungarian.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-icelandic.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-indic.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-indonesian.noarch                   9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-interlingua.noarch                  9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-irish.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-italian.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-kurmanji.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-latin.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-latvian.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-lithuanian.noarch                   9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-macedonian.noarch                   9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-mongolian.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-norwegian.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-occitan.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-piedmontese.noarch                  9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-polish.noarch                       9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-portuguese.noarch                   9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-romanian.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-romansh.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-russian.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-sanskrit.noarch                     9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-serbian.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-slovak.noarch                       9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-slovenian.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-spanish.noarch                      9:svn54857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-swedish.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-thai.noarch                         9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-turkish.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-turkmen.noarch                      9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-ukrainian.noarch                    9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-uppersorbian.noarch                 9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphen-welsh.noarch                        9:svn54568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.3c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                            9:svn37354.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-hyplain.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ibycus-babel.noarch                        9:svn15878.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ibygrk.noarch                              9:svn15878.4.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-icite.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-icsv.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-identkey.noarch                            9:svn49018-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-idxcmds.noarch                             9:svn54554-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-idxlayout.noarch                           9:svn25821.0.4d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ieeepes.noarch                             9:svn17359.4.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ietfbibs-doc.noarch                        9:svn41332-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-iffont.noarch                              9:svn38823-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ifmslide.noarch                            9:svn20727.0.47-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                             9:svn47544-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ifnextok.noarch                            9:svn23379.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                           9:svn40726-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                          9:svn45533-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ifptex.noarch                              9:svn52626-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ifsym.noarch                               9:svn24868.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-iftex.noarch                               9:svn54159-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ifthenx.noarch                             9:svn25819.0.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ifxptex.noarch                             9:svn46153-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-iitem.noarch                               9:svn29613.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ijmart.noarch                              9:svn30958.1.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ijqc.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ijsra.noarch                               9:svn44886-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-imac.noarch                                9:svn17347.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-image-gallery.noarch                       9:svn15878.v1.0j-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-imakeidx.noarch                            9:svn42287-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-imfellenglish.noarch                       9:svn38547-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-impatient-cn-doc.noarch                    9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-impatient-doc.noarch                       9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-impatient-fr-doc.noarch                    9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-impnattypo.noarch                          9:svn50227-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-import.noarch                              9:svn54683-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-imsproc.noarch                             9:svn29803.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-imtekda.noarch                             9:svn17667.1.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-incgraph.noarch                            9:svn36500.1.12-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-includernw.noarch                          9:svn47557-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-inconsolata.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-index.noarch                               9:svn24099.4.1beta-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-indextools.noarch                          9:svn38931-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                           9:svn53023-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-initials.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-inkpaper.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-inline-images.noarch                       9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-inlinebib.noarch                           9:svn22018.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-inlinedef.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-inputenx.noarch                            9:svn52986-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-inputtrc.noarch                            9:svn28019.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-inriafonts.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-insbox.noarch                              9:svn34299.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-installfont.noarch                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-intcalc.noarch                             9:svn53168-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-interactiveworkbook.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-interchar.noarch                           9:svn36312.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-interfaces.noarch                          9:svn21474.3.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-interpreter.noarch                         9:svn27232.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-interval.noarch                            9:svn50265-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-intopdf.noarch                             9:svn51247-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-intro-scientific-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.5th_edition-35.fc33         @updates              
texlive-inversepath.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-invoice.noarch                             9:svn48359-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-invoice-class.noarch                       9:svn49749-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-invoice2.noarch                            9:svn46364-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-iodhbwm.noarch                             9:svn54734-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ionumbers.noarch                           9:svn33457.0.3.3-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-iopart-num.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ipaex.noarch                               9:svn52032-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ipaex-type1.noarch                         9:svn47700-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-is-bst.noarch                              9:svn52623-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-iscram.noarch                              9:svn45801-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-iso.noarch                                 9:svn15878.2.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-iso10303.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-isodate.noarch                             9:svn16613.2.28-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-isodoc.noarch                              9:svn47868-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-isomath.noarch                             9:svn27654.0.6.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-isonums.noarch                             9:svn17362.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-isopt.noarch                               9:svn45509-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-isorot.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-isotope.noarch                             9:svn23711.v0.3-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-issuulinks.noarch                          9:svn25742.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-istgame.noarch                             9:svn49848-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-itnumpar.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-iwhdp.noarch                               9:svn37552.0.50-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-iwona.noarch                               9:svn19611.0.995b-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-jablantile.noarch                          9:svn16364.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-jacow.noarch                               9:svn50870-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jadetex.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jamtimes.noarch                            9:svn20408.1.12-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-japanese-otf.noarch                        9:svn50769-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-japanese-otf-uptex.noarch                  9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jbact.noarch                               9:svn52717-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jfmutil.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jigsaw.noarch                              9:svn49111-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jkmath.noarch                              9:svn47109-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                            9:svn19440.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-jlabels.noarch                             9:svn24858.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-jlreq.noarch                               9:svn53717-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jlreq-deluxe.noarch                        9:svn54894-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jmb.noarch                                 9:svn52718-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jmlr.noarch                                9:svn54562-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jmn.noarch                                 9:svn45751-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jneurosci.noarch                           9:svn17346.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-jnuexam.noarch                             9:svn52696-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jpsj.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.2.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-js-misc.noarch                             9:svn16211.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-jsclasses.noarch                           9:svn53641-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jslectureplanner.noarch                    9:svn53672-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jumplines.noarch                           9:svn37553.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-junicode.noarch                            9:svn53954-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-jura.noarch                                9:svn15878.4.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-juraabbrev.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-jurabib.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-juramisc.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.91-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-jurarsp.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.52-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-jvlisting.noarch                           9:svn24638.0.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-kalendarium.noarch                         9:svn48744-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kanaparser.noarch                          9:svn48052-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kantlipsum.noarch                          9:svn51727-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-karnaugh.noarch                            9:svn21338.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-karnaugh-map.noarch                        9:svn44131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-karnaughmap.noarch                         9:svn36989.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-kastrup.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-kblocks.noarch                             9:svn52382-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kdgdocs.noarch                             9:svn24498.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-kerkis.noarch                              9:svn52753-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kerntest.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.32-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ketcindy.noarch                            9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-keycommand.noarch                          9:svn18042.3.1415-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-keyfloat.noarch                            9:svn52160-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-keyindex.noarch                            9:svn50828-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-keyreader.noarch                           9:svn28195.0.5b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-keystroke.noarch                           9:svn17992.v1.6-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-keyval2e.noarch                            9:svn23698.0.0.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-keyvaltable.noarch                         9:svn54677-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kix.noarch                                 9:svn21606.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-kixfont.noarch                             9:svn18488.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-kluwer.noarch                              9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-knitting.noarch                            9:svn50782-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-knittingpattern.noarch                     9:svn17205.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-knowledge.noarch                           9:svn54876-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-knuth-doc.noarch                           9:svn32899.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                           9:svn35820.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                         9:svn38627-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-koma-moderncvclassic.noarch                9:svn25025.v0.5-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-koma-script.noarch                         9:svn54825-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-koma-script-examples-doc.noarch            9:svn47523-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-koma-script-sfs.noarch                     9:svn26137.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-komacv.noarch                              9:svn43902-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-komacv-rg.noarch                           9:svn49064-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kotex-oblivoir.noarch                      9:svn54519-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kotex-plain.noarch                         9:svn38630-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kotex-utf.noarch                           9:svn38558-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kotex-utils.noarch                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kpfonts.noarch                             9:svn48470-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ksfh_nat.noarch                            9:svn24825.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ksp-thesis.noarch                          9:svn39080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ktv-texdata.noarch                         9:svn27369.05.34-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-ku-template.noarch                         9:svn45935-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kurdishlipsum.noarch                       9:svn47518-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kurier.noarch                              9:svn19612.0.995b-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                        9:svn53193-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kvmap.noarch                               9:svn54898-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                           9:svn52985-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                           9:svn53166-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-l2picfaq-doc.noarch                        9:svn19601.1.50-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-l2tabu-doc.noarch                          9:svn39597-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-l2tabu-english-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.1.8.5.7-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-l2tabu-french-doc.noarch                   9:svn31315.2.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-l2tabu-italian-doc.noarch                  9:svn25218.2.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-l2tabu-spanish-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-l3backend.noarch                           9:svn54259-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-l3build.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                      9:svn53394-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                            9:svn54672-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-l3packages.noarch                          9:svn54131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-labbook.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-labels.noarch                              9:svn15878.13-35.fc33                  @updates              
texlive-labels4easylist.noarch                     9:svn51124-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-labelschanged.noarch                       9:svn46040-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-labyrinth.noarch                           9:svn33454.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lacheck.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ladder.noarch                              9:svn44394-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lambda.noarch                              9:svn45756-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lambda-lists.noarch                        9:svn31402.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-langcode.noarch                            9:svn27764.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-langsci.noarch                             9:svn54393-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-langsci-avm.noarch                         9:svn54239-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lapdf.noarch                               9:svn23806.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lastpackage.noarch                         9:svn34481.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lastpage.noarch                            9:svn36680.1.2m-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-latex.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-base-dev.noarch                      9:svn54146-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-bib-ex-doc.noarch                    9:svn25831.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex-bib2-ex-doc.noarch                   9:svn40098-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-brochure-doc.noarch                  9:svn40612-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-course-doc.noarch                    9:svn25505.2-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex-doc-ptr-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                         9:svn28888.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex-git-log.noarch                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-graphics-companion-doc.noarch        9:svn29235.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex-make.noarch                          9:svn48925-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-mr-doc.noarch                        9:svn44601-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-notes-zh-cn-doc.noarch               9:svn15878.1.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-latex-papersize.noarch                     7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-referenz-doc.noarch                  9:svn36671.2-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex-refsheet-doc.noarch                  9:svn45076-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-tabellen-doc.noarch                  9:svn16979.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex-tds-doc.noarch                       9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-uni8.noarch                          9:svn49729-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-veryshortguide-doc.noarch            9:svn41844-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-via-exemplos.noarch                  9:svn53248-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex-web-companion-doc.noarch             9:svn29349.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo.noarch                9:svn48918-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-fr-doc.noarch         9:svn44997-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish.noarch        9:svn49023-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex2man.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex2nemeth.noarch                        7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex4musicians.noarch                     9:svn49759-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latex4wp-doc.noarch                        9:svn35999.1.0.10-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-latex4wp-it-doc.noarch                     9:svn36000.1.0.10-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-latexbangla.noarch                         9:svn42409-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexbug.noarch                            9:svn52414-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexcheat-de-doc.noarch                   9:svn35702.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-latexcheat-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.13-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-latexcheat-esmx-doc.noarch                 9:svn36866.2.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-latexcheat-ptbr-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.1.13-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-latexcolors.noarch                         9:svn49888-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                         9:svn53525-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexcourse-rug-doc.noarch                 9:svn39026-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexdemo.noarch                           9:svn34481.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-latexdiff.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs.noarch                  9:svn26760.0.22-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-latexfileversion.noarch                    7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexgit.noarch                            9:svn54811-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexindent.noarch                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latexmp.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.2.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-latexpand.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-latino-sine-flexione.noarch                9:svn53485-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lato.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-layaureo.noarch                            9:svn19087.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-layouts.noarch                             9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lazylist.noarch                            9:svn17691.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lccaps.noarch                              9:svn46432-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lcd.noarch                                 9:svn16549.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lcdftypetools.x86_64                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lcg.noarch                                 9:svn31474.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lcyw.noarch                                9:svn15878.v1.1-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-leading.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-leadsheets.noarch                          9:svn52275-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-leaflet.noarch                             9:svn43523-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lecturer.noarch                            9:svn23916.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lectures.noarch                            9:svn53642-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ledmac.noarch                              9:svn41811-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-leftidx.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-leipzig.noarch                             9:svn52450-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lengthconvert.noarch                       9:svn30867.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                         9:svn53022-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-letterspacing.noarch                       9:svn54266-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-letterswitharrows.noarch                   9:svn53709-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lettre.noarch                              9:svn54722-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lettrine.noarch                            9:svn54560-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-levy.noarch                                9:svn21750.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lewis.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lexend.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lexikon.noarch                             9:svn17364.1.0c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lexref.noarch                              9:svn36026.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lfb.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lgreek.noarch                              9:svn21818.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lh.noarch                                  9:svn15878.3.5g-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lhcyr.noarch                               9:svn31795.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lhelp.noarch                               9:svn23638.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lib.x86_64                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libertine.noarch                           9:svn54583-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libertinegc.noarch                         9:svn44616-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libertinus.noarch                          9:svn55064-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libertinus-fonts.noarch                    9:svn56656-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libertinus-otf.noarch                      9:svn56649-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libertinus-type1.noarch                    9:svn56160-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libertinust1math.noarch                    9:svn55517-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libgreek.noarch                            9:svn27789.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-librarian.noarch                           9:svn19880.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-librebaskerville.noarch                    9:svn56018-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-librebodoni.noarch                         9:svn39375-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-librecaslon.noarch                         9:svn56003-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-librefranklin.noarch                       9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-libris.noarch                              9:svn19409.1.007-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-lie-hasse.noarch                           9:svn53653-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lilyglyphs.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-limap.noarch                               9:svn44863-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-limecv.noarch                              9:svn54329-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lineara.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-linegoal.noarch                            9:svn21523.2.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lineno.noarch                              9:svn21442.4.41-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ling-macros.noarch                         9:svn42268-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-linguex.noarch                             9:svn30815.4.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-linguisticspro.noarch                      9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-linop.noarch                               9:svn41304-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lion-msc.noarch                            9:svn51143-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lipsum.noarch                              9:svn49610-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lisp-on-tex.noarch                         9:svn38722-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-listbib.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-listing.noarch                             9:svn17373.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-listings.noarch                            9:svn54554-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-listings-ext.noarch                        7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-listingsutf8.noarch                        9:svn53097-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-listlbls.noarch                            9:svn34893.1.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-listliketab.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-listofitems.noarch                         9:svn51923-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-listofsymbols.noarch                       9:svn16134.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lithuanian.noarch                          9:svn46039-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-liturg.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lkproof.noarch                             9:svn20021.3.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-llncsconf.noarch                           9:svn46707-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lm.noarch                                  9:svn48145-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lm-math.noarch                             9:svn36915.1.959-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-lmake.noarch                               9:svn25552.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lni.noarch                                 9:svn52401-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lobster2.noarch                            9:svn56019-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-locality.noarch                            9:svn20422.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-localloc.noarch                            9:svn21934.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-logbox.noarch                              9:svn24499.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-logical-markup-utils.noarch                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-logicproof.noarch                          9:svn33254.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-logicpuzzle.noarch                         9:svn34491.2.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-logix.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-logpap.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-logreq.noarch                              9:svn53003-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lollipop.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-longdivision.noarch                        9:svn50586-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-longfbox.noarch                            9:svn39028-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-longfigure.noarch                          9:svn34302.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-longnamefilelist.noarch                    9:svn27889.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-loops.noarch                               9:svn30704.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lpform.noarch                              9:svn36918.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lpic.noarch                                9:svn20843.0.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lplfitch.noarch                            9:svn31077.0.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lps.noarch                                 9:svn21322.0.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lroundrect.noarch                          9:svn39804-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lsc.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-bulgarian-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-chinese-doc.noarch                  9:svn50986-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lshort-czech-doc.noarch                    9:svn29803.4.27-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lshort-dutch-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lshort-english-doc.noarch                  9:svn46763-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lshort-estonian-doc.noarch                 9:svn39323-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lshort-finnish-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-french-doc.noarch                   9:svn23332.5.01fr_0-35.fc33            @updates              
texlive-lshort-german-doc.noarch                   9:svn47401-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lshort-italian-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-japanese-doc.noarch                 9:svn36207.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-korean-doc.noarch                   9:svn51035-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lshort-mongol-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.4.26-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lshort-persian-doc.noarch                  9:svn31296.5.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lshort-polish-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-portuguese-doc.noarch               9:svn22569.5.01.0-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-lshort-russian-doc.noarch                  9:svn18906.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-slovak-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lshort-slovenian-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.4.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lshort-spanish-doc.noarch                  9:svn35050.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lshort-thai-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.1.32-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lshort-turkish-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.4.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lshort-ukr-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.4.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lshort-vietnamese-doc.noarch               9:svn15878.4.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-lstaddons.noarch                           9:svn26196.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lstbayes.noarch                            9:svn48160-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lstfiracode.noarch                         9:svn49503-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lt3graph.noarch                            9:svn45913-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ltablex.noarch                             9:svn34923.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                            9:svn17533.1.74d-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-ltb2bib.noarch                             9:svn43746-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                             9:svn53165-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ltxdockit.noarch                           9:svn21869.1.2d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ltxfileinfo.noarch                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ltxguidex.noarch                           9:svn50992-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ltximg.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ltxkeys.noarch                             9:svn28332.0.0.3c-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                             9:svn21927.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ltxnew.noarch                              9:svn21586.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ltxtools.noarch                            9:svn24897.0.0.1a-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                      9:svn29349.0.7.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-lua-check-hyphen.noarch                    9:svn47527-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lua-uca.noarch                             9:svn54550-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lua-ul.noarch                              9:svn54690-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lua-visual-debug.noarch                    9:svn49634-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luabibentry.noarch                         9:svn31783.0.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-luabidi.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luacode.noarch                             9:svn25193.1.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-luacolor.noarch                            9:svn53933-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luahyphenrules.noarch                      9:svn42670-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luaimageembed.noarch                       9:svn50788-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luaindex.noarch                            9:svn25882.0.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-luainputenc.noarch                         9:svn20491.0.973-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-luaintro-doc.noarch                        9:svn35490.0.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-luajittex.x86_64                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lualatex-doc-de-doc.noarch                 9:svn30474.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-lualatex-doc-doc.noarch                    9:svn30473.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                       9:svn52663-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lualatex-truncate.noarch                   9:svn48469-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lualibs.noarch                             9:svn53682-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luamesh.noarch                             9:svn43814-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luamplib.noarch                            9:svn53904-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luapackageloader.noarch                    9:svn54779-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luarandom.noarch                           9:svn49419-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luasseq.noarch                             9:svn37877.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-luatex.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luatex85.noarch                            9:svn41456-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                          9:svn52663-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luatexja.noarch                            9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luatexko.noarch                            9:svn54438-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luatextra.noarch                           9:svn20747.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-luatodonotes.noarch                        9:svn53825-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luavlna.noarch                             9:svn52682-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-luaxml.noarch                              9:svn52137-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lwarp.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lxfonts.noarch                             9:svn32354.2.0b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ly1.noarch                                 9:svn47848-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-lyluatex.noarch                            7:svn51252-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-m-tx.x86_64                                7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-macros2e-doc.noarch                        9:svn46026-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-macroswap.noarch                           9:svn31498.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mafr.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-magaz.noarch                               9:svn24694.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mailing.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-mailmerge.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-make4ht.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-makebarcode.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-makebase.noarch                            9:svn41012-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-makebox.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-makecell.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.1e-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-makecirc.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-makecmds.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-makecookbook.noarch                        9:svn49311-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-makedtx.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-makeglos.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-makeplot.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0.6-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-maker.noarch                               9:svn44823-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-makerobust.noarch                          9:svn52811-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-makeshape.noarch                           9:svn28973.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mandi.noarch                               9:svn49720-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-manfnt.noarch                              9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                         9:svn54684-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-manuscript.noarch                          9:svn36110.1.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-manyind.noarch                             9:svn49874-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-marcellus.noarch                           9:svn56016-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-margbib.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-marginfit.noarch                           9:svn48281-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-marginfix.noarch                           9:svn31598.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-marginnote.noarch                          9:svn48383-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-markdown.noarch                            9:svn54482-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-marvosym.noarch                            9:svn29349.2.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-matc3.noarch                               9:svn29845.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-matc3mem.noarch                            9:svn35773.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-match_parens.noarch                        7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-math-e-doc.noarch                          9:svn20062.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-math-into-latex-4-doc.noarch               9:svn44131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathabx.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-mathabx-type1.noarch                       9:svn21129.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-mathalpha.noarch                           9:svn52305-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathastext.noarch                          9:svn52840-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathcommand.noarch                         9:svn53044-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathcomp.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.1f-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mathdesign.noarch                          9:svn31639.2.31-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mathdots.noarch                            9:svn34301.0.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mathexam.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mathfam256.noarch                          9:svn53519-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathfixs.noarch                            9:svn49547-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathfont.noarch                            9:svn53035-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathlig.noarch                             9:svn54244-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathpartir.noarch                          9:svn39864-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                            9:svn52663-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathpunctspace.noarch                      9:svn46754-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-maths-symbols-doc.noarch                   9:svn37763.3.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mathspec.noarch                            9:svn42773-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathspic.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mathtools.noarch                           9:svn54516-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-matlab-prettifier.noarch                   9:svn34323.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-matrix-skeleton.noarch                     9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mattens.noarch                             9:svn17582.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-maybemath.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-mcaption.noarch                            9:svn15878.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mceinleger.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-mcexam.noarch                              9:svn46155-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mcf2graph.noarch                           9:svn53550-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mcite.noarch                               9:svn18173.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mciteplus.noarch                           9:svn31648.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mcmthesis.noarch                           9:svn53513-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mdframed.noarch                            9:svn31075.1.9b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mdputu.noarch                              9:svn20298.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mdsymbol.noarch                            9:svn28399.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.05.4-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-media4svg.noarch                           9:svn54773-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-media9.noarch                              9:svn54554-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-medstarbeamer.noarch                       9:svn38828-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-meetingmins.noarch                         9:svn31878.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-memdesign-doc.noarch                       9:svn48664-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-memexsupp.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-memoir.noarch                              9:svn54554-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-memory.noarch                              9:svn30452.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-memorygraphs.noarch                        9:svn49631-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mendex-doc.noarch                          9:svn50268-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mensa-tex.noarch                           9:svn45997-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mentis.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-menu.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.994-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-menukeys.noarch                            9:svn41823-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mercatormap.noarch                         9:svn54812-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-merriweather.noarch                        9:svn56365-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-metafont.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-metafont-beginners-doc.noarch              9:svn29803.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-metago.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-metalogo.noarch                            9:svn18611.0.12-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-metalogox.noarch                           9:svn49774-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-metaobj.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.93-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-metaplot.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.91-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-metapost.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-metapost-colorbrewer.noarch                9:svn48753-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-metapost-examples-doc.noarch               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-metastr.noarch                             9:svn53700-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-metatex.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-metatype1.noarch                           9:svn37105-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-metauml.noarch                             9:svn49923-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-method.noarch                              9:svn17485.2.0b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-metre.noarch                               9:svn18489.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-metrix.noarch                              9:svn52323-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mex.noarch                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mf2pt1.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mfirstuc.noarch                            9:svn45803-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mflogo.noarch                              9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mflua.x86_64                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                              9:svn46036-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mfpic.noarch                               9:svn28444.1.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mfpic4ode.noarch                           9:svn17745.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mftinc.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mfware.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mgltex.noarch                              9:svn41676-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mhchem.noarch                              9:svn52662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mhequ.noarch                               9:svn38224.1.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mi-solns.noarch                            9:svn49651-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-miama.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-microtype.noarch                           9:svn52853-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-microtype-de-doc.noarch                    9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-midnight.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-midpage.noarch                             9:svn17484.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-miller.noarch                              9:svn18789.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-milog.noarch                               9:svn41610-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-milsymb.noarch                             9:svn54361-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-minibox.noarch                             9:svn30914.0.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-minidocument.noarch                        9:svn43752-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-minifp.noarch                              9:svn32559.0.96-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-minipage-marginpar.noarch                  9:svn15878.v0.2-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-miniplot.noarch                            9:svn17483.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-minitoc.noarch                             9:svn48196-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-minorrevision.noarch                       9:svn32165.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-minted.noarch                              9:svn44855-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mintspirit.noarch                          9:svn32069.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-minutes.noarch                             9:svn42186-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mismath.noarch                             9:svn53245-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-missaali.noarch                            9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mkgrkindex.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mkjobtexmf.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mkpattern.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mkpic.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mla-paper.noarch                           9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mlacls.noarch                              9:svn51865-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mleftright.noarch                          9:svn53021-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mlist.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.6a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mltex.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mmap.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mnotes.noarch                              9:svn35521.0.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mnras.noarch                               9:svn37579.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                            9:svn18651.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-modeles-factures-belges-assocs.noarch      9:svn50010-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-moderncv.noarch                            9:svn52669-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-modernposter.noarch                        9:svn47269-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-moderntimeline.noarch                      9:svn50228-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-modes.noarch                               9:svn53604-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-modiagram.noarch                           9:svn52589-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-modref.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-modroman.noarch                            9:svn29803.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-modular.noarch                             9:svn44142-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-modulus.noarch                             9:svn47599-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mongolian-babel.noarch                     9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-monofill.noarch                            9:svn28140.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-montex.noarch                              9:svn29349.IVu.04.092-35.fc33          @updates              
texlive-montserrat.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-moodle.noarch                              9:svn39367-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-moreenum.noarch                            9:svn24479.1.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-morefloats.noarch                          9:svn37927.1.0h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-morehype.noarch                            9:svn38815-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-moresize.noarch                            9:svn17513.1.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-moreverb.noarch                            9:svn22126.2.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-morewrites.noarch                          9:svn49531-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-morisawa.noarch                            9:svn46946-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mp3d.noarch                                9:svn29349.1.34-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mparhack.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mparrows.noarch                            9:svn39729-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mpattern.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-mpcolornames.noarch                        9:svn23252.0.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mpfonts.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mpgraphics.noarch                          9:svn29776.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mpman-ru-doc.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.004-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-mpostinl.noarch                            9:svn49559-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mptrees.noarch                             9:svn44453-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ms.noarch                                  9:svn51784-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-msc.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.16-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-msg.noarch                                 9:svn49578-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mslapa.noarch                              9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-msu-thesis.noarch                          9:svn46106-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mtgreek.noarch                             9:svn17967.1.1+-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mucproc.noarch                             9:svn43445-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mugsthesis.noarch                          9:svn34878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-multenum.noarch                            9:svn21775.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-multiaudience.noarch                       9:svn38035.1.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-multibbl.noarch                            9:svn15878.v1.1-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-multibib.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-multibibliography.noarch                   7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-multicap.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-multicolrule.noarch                        9:svn52283-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-multidef.noarch                            9:svn40637-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-multido.noarch                             9:svn18302.1.42-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-multienv.noarch                            9:svn26544.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-multiexpand.noarch                         9:svn45943-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-multilang.noarch                           9:svn49065-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-multiobjective.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-multirow.noarch                            9:svn51278-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-munich.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-musical.noarch                             9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-musicography.noarch                        9:svn51251-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-musikui.noarch                             9:svn47472-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-musixguit.noarch                           9:svn21649.1.2.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-musixtex.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-musixtex-fonts.noarch                      9:svn37762.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-musixtnt.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-musuos.noarch                              9:svn24857.1.1d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-muthesis.noarch                            9:svn23861.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-mversion.noarch                            9:svn29370.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-mwcls.noarch                               9:svn44352-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mwe.noarch                                 9:svn47194-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mweights.noarch                            9:svn53520-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-mxedruli.noarch                            9:svn30021.3.3c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-mycv.noarch                                9:svn26807.1.5.6-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-mylatexformat.noarch                       9:svn21392.3.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-mynsfc.noarch                              9:svn41996-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-na-box.noarch                              9:svn45130-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-na-position.noarch                         9:svn48071-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nag.noarch                                 9:svn24741.0.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nameauth.noarch                            9:svn53940-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-namespc.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-nanicolle.noarch                           9:svn52237-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nanumtype1.noarch                          9:svn29558.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nar.noarch                                 9:svn38100.3.19-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-natbib.noarch                              9:svn20668.8.31b-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-natded.noarch                              9:svn32693.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nath.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-nature.noarch                              9:svn21819.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-navigator.noarch                           9:svn41413-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-navydocs.noarch                            9:svn41643-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ncclatex.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ncctools.noarch                            9:svn51810-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-nddiss.noarch                              9:svn45107-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ndsu-thesis.noarch                         9:svn46639-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-needspace.noarch                           9:svn29601.1.3d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-nestquot.noarch                            9:svn27323.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-neuralnetwork.noarch                       9:svn31500.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nevelok.noarch                             9:svn39029-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newcommand-doc.noarch                      9:svn18704.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-newcomputermodern.noarch                   9:svn52877-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newenviron.noarch                          9:svn29331.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-newfile.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-newfloat.noarch                            9:svn52906-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newlfm.noarch                              9:svn15878.9.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-newpx.noarch                               9:svn53792-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newsletr.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-newspaper.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-newtx.noarch                               9:svn56384-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newtxsf.noarch                             9:svn56527-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newtxtt.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newunicodechar.noarch                      9:svn47382-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-newvbtm.noarch                             9:svn23996.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-newverbs.noarch                            9:svn52074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nextpage.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-nfssext-cfr.noarch                         9:svn43640-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nicefilelist.noarch                        9:svn28527.0.7a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-niceframe.noarch                           9:svn36086.1.1c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-niceframe-type1.noarch                     9:svn44671-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nicematrix.noarch                          9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nicetext.noarch                            9:svn38914-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nidanfloat.noarch                          9:svn48295-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nih.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-nihbiosketch.noarch                        9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nimbus15.noarch                            9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-njurepo.noarch                             9:svn50492-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nkarta.noarch                              9:svn16437.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nlctdoc.noarch                             9:svn53768-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nmbib.noarch                               9:svn37984.1.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-noconflict.noarch                          9:svn30140.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nodetree.noarch                            9:svn43011-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-noindentafter.noarch                       9:svn35709.0.2.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-noitcrul.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nolbreaks.noarch                           9:svn26786.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nomencl.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nomentbl.noarch                            9:svn16549.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nonfloat.noarch                            9:svn17598.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nonumonpart.noarch                         9:svn22114.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-nopageno.noarch                            9:svn18128.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                          9:svn37675.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-normalcolor.noarch                         9:svn40125-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nostarch.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-notes.noarch                               9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-notes2bib.noarch                           9:svn52231-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-notespages.noarch                          9:svn41906-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-notestex.noarch                            9:svn45396-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-notex-bst.noarch                           9:svn42361-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-noto.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-noto-emoji.noarch                          9:svn53968-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-notoccite.noarch                           9:svn18129.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-novel.noarch                               9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nowidow.noarch                             9:svn24066.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nox.noarch                                 9:svn30991.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nrc.noarch                                 9:svn29027.2.01a-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                            9:svn53882-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nth.noarch                                 9:svn54252-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ntheorem.noarch                            9:svn27609.1.33-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ntheorem-vn-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.1.203-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-nuc.noarch                                 9:svn22256.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-nucleardata.noarch                         9:svn47307-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-numberedblock.noarch                       9:svn33109.1.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-numberpt.noarch                            9:svn51640-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-numericplots.noarch                        9:svn31729.2.0.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-numname.noarch                             9:svn18130.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-numnameru.noarch                           9:svn44895-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-numprint.noarch                            9:svn27498.1.39-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-numspell.noarch                            9:svn45441-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-nwejm.noarch                               9:svn54392-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-objectz.noarch                             9:svn19389.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-obnov.noarch                               9:svn33355.0.11-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-obsolete.noarch                            9:2020-35.fc33                         @updates              
texlive-ocg-p.noarch                               9:svn28803.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ocgx.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ocgx2.noarch                               9:svn52730-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ocherokee.noarch                           9:svn25689.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ocr-b.noarch                               9:svn20852.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ocr-b-outline.noarch                       9:svn20969.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ocr-latex.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-octave.noarch                              9:svn45674-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-octavo.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-odsfile.noarch                             9:svn38449-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ofs.noarch                                 9:svn16991.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ogham.noarch                               9:svn24876.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-oinuit.noarch                              9:svn28668.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-old-arrows.noarch                          9:svn42872-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-oldlatin.noarch                            9:svn17932.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-oldstandard.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-oldstyle.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-olsak-misc.noarch                          9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-omega.noarch                               9:svn33046.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-omegaware.x86_64                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-onedown.noarch                             9:svn52525-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-onlyamsmath.noarch                         9:svn42927-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-onrannual.noarch                           9:svn17474.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-opcit.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-opensans.noarch                            9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-oplotsymbl.noarch                          9:svn44951-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-opteng.noarch                              9:svn27331.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-optex.noarch                               9:svn54893-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-optidef.noarch                             9:svn50941-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-optional.noarch                            9:svn18131.2.2b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-options.noarch                             9:svn39030-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ordinalpt.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-orkhun.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-oscola.noarch                              9:svn54328-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ot-tableau.noarch                          9:svn44889-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-othello.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-othelloboard.noarch                        9:svn23714.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-otibet.noarch                              9:svn45777-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-oubraces.noarch                            9:svn21833.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-outerhbox.noarch                           9:svn54254-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-outline.noarch                             9:svn18360.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-outliner.noarch                            9:svn21095.0.94-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-outlines.noarch                            9:svn25192.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-outlining.noarch                           9:svn45601-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-overlays.noarch                            9:svn46122-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-overlock.noarch                            9:svn56079-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-overpic.noarch                             9:svn53889-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pacioli.noarch                             9:svn24947.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-padauk.noarch                              9:svn42617-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-padcount.noarch                            9:svn47621-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pagecolor.noarch                           9:svn44487-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pagecont.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pagenote.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pagerange.noarch                           9:svn16915.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pageslts.noarch                            9:svn39164-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-palatino.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-paper.noarch                               9:svn34521.1.0l-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-papercdcase.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-papermas.noarch                            9:svn23667.1.0h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-papertex.noarch                            9:svn19230.1.2b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-paracol.noarch                             9:svn49560-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-parades.noarch                             9:svn40042-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-paralist.noarch                            9:svn43021-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-parallel.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-paratype.noarch                            9:svn32859.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-paresse.noarch                             9:svn29803.4.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-parnotes.noarch                            9:svn51720-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-parrun.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-parselines.noarch                          9:svn21475.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-parskip.noarch                             9:svn53503-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pas-cours.noarch                           9:svn42036-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pas-crosswords.noarch                      9:svn32313.1.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pas-cv.noarch                              9:svn32263.2.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pas-tableur.noarch                         9:svn39542-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-passivetex.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-patchcmd.noarch                            9:svn41379-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-patgen.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-patgen2-tutorial-doc.noarch                9:svn16490.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-path.noarch                                9:svn22045.3.05-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pauldoc.noarch                             9:svn16005.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pawpict.noarch                             9:svn21629.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pax.noarch                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pb-diagram.noarch                          9:svn15878.5.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pbibtex-base.noarch                        9:svn40986-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pbox.noarch                                9:svn24807.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pbsheet.noarch                             9:svn24830.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pdf-trans.noarch                           9:svn32809.2.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pdf14.noarch                               9:svn17583.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pdfarticle.noarch                          9:svn51127-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfbook2.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                            9:svn52912-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfcomment.noarch                          9:svn49047-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfcprot.noarch                            9:svn18735.1.7a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pdfcrop.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                           9:svn53082-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfjam.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdflatexpicscale.noarch                    7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                           9:svn53047-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfmarginpar.noarch                        9:svn23492.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pdfoverlay.noarch                          9:svn52627-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfpagediff.noarch                         9:svn37946.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                            9:svn53583-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfpc.noarch                               9:svn54160-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfpc-movie.noarch                         9:svn48245-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfprivacy.noarch                          9:svn45985-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfreview.noarch                           9:svn50100-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfscreen.noarch                           9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfslide.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pdfsync.noarch                             9:svn20373.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdftex-quiet.noarch                        7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                          9:svn52913-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdftosrc.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdftricks.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.16-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pdftricks2.noarch                          9:svn31016.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pdfwin.noarch                              9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfx.noarch                                9:svn50338-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pdfxup.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pecha.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pedigree-perl.noarch                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-penrose.noarch                             9:svn48202-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-perception.noarch                          9:svn48861-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-perfectcut.noarch                          9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-perltex.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-permute.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-persian-bib.noarch                         9:svn37297.0.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-petiteannonce.noarch                       9:svn25915.1.0001-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-petri-nets.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pfarrei.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgf.noarch                                 9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgf-blur.noarch                            9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgf-cmykshadings.noarch                    9:svn52635-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgf-soroban.noarch                         9:svn32269.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pgf-spectra.noarch                         9:svn42986-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgf-umlcd.noarch                           9:svn33307.0.2.1.1-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-pgf-umlsd.noarch                           9:svn33045.0.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pgfgantt.noarch                            9:svn52662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgfkeyx.noarch                             9:svn26093.0.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-pgfmolbio.noarch                           9:svn35152.0.21-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pgfmorepages.noarch                        9:svn54770-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgfopts.noarch                             9:svn34573.2.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pgfornament.noarch                         9:svn54670-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgfornament-han.noarch                     9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pgfplots.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phaistos.noarch                            9:svn18651.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-phffullpagefigure.noarch                   9:svn41857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phfnote.noarch                             9:svn41858-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phfparen.noarch                            9:svn41859-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phfqit.noarch                              9:svn45084-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phfquotetext.noarch                        9:svn41869-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phfsvnwatermark.noarch                     9:svn41870-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phfthm.noarch                              9:svn41871-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-philex.noarch                              9:svn36396.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-philokalia.noarch                          9:svn45356-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-philosophersimprint.noarch                 9:svn41788-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phonenumbers.noarch                        9:svn51933-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-phonetic.noarch                            9:svn21871.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-phonrule.noarch                            9:svn43963-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-photo.noarch                               9:svn18739.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-physconst.noarch                           9:svn54587-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-physics.noarch                             9:svn28590.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-physunits.noarch                           9:svn54588-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-piano.noarch                               9:svn21574.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-picinpar.noarch                            9:svn20374.1.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pict2e.noarch                              9:svn51918-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pictex.noarch                              9:svn21943.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pictex2.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pictexsum-doc.noarch                       9:svn24965.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-picture.noarch                             9:svn54867-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-piechartmp.noarch                          9:svn19440.0.3.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-piff.noarch                                9:svn21894.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pigpen.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pinlabel.noarch                            9:svn24769.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pinoutikz.noarch                           9:svn52999-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pitex.noarch                               9:svn24731.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pittetd.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.618-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-pixelart.noarch                            9:svn46740-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pkfix.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pkfix-helper.noarch                        7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pkgloader.noarch                           9:svn47486-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pkuthss.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pl.noarch                                  9:svn36012.1.09-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-placeat.noarch                             9:svn45145-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-placeins.noarch                            9:svn19848.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-placeins-plain.noarch                      9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-plain.noarch                               9:svn43076-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-plain-doc-doc.noarch                       9:svn28424.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-plainpkg.noarch                            9:svn27765.0.4a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-plainyr.noarch                             9:svn52783-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-plantslabels.noarch                        9:svn29803.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-plantuml.noarch                            9:svn52175-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-plari.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-plates.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-platex.noarch                              9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-platex-tools.noarch                        9:svn52049-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-platexcheat-doc.noarch                     9:svn49557-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-plautopatch.noarch                         9:svn53906-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-play.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-playfair.noarch                            9:svn56005-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-plex.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-plex-otf.noarch                            9:svn47562-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-plipsum.noarch                             9:svn30353.4.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-plnfss.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-plstmary.noarch                            9:svn31088.0.5c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-plweb.noarch                               9:svn15878.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pm-isomath.noarch                          9:svn54799-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pmboxdraw.noarch                           9:svn53046-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pmgraph.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pmhanguljamo.noarch                        9:svn54378-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pmx.x86_64                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pmxchords.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pnas2009.noarch                            9:svn16287.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-poemscol.noarch                            9:svn52574-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-poetry.noarch                              9:svn53129-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-poetrytex.noarch                           9:svn39921-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-poiretone.noarch                           9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-polexpr.noarch                             9:svn53633-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-polski.noarch                              9:svn44213-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-poltawski.noarch                           9:svn20075.1.101-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                         9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-polynom.noarch                             9:svn44832-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-polynomial.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-polytable.noarch                           9:svn31235.0.8.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-poormanlog.noarch                          9:svn52080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-postage.noarch                             9:svn47893-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-postcards.noarch                           9:svn21641.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-poster-mac.noarch                          9:svn18305.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-powerdot.noarch                            9:svn45165-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-powerdot-fuberlin.noarch                   9:svn52922-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-powerdot-tuliplab.noarch                   9:svn47963-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ppr-prv.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.13c-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-pracjourn.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.4n-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-practicalreports.noarch                    9:svn52312-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-preprint.noarch                            9:svn30447.2011-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-prerex.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-present.noarch                             9:svn50048-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-presentations-doc.noarch                   9:svn43949-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-presentations-en-doc.noarch                9:svn29803.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pressrelease.noarch                        9:svn35147.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-prettyref.noarch                           9:svn15878.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-prftree.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-printlen.noarch                            9:svn19847.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-proba.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-probsoln.noarch                            9:svn44783-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-procIAGssymp.noarch                        9:svn51771-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-prodint.noarch                             9:svn21893.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-productbox.noarch                          9:svn20886.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-program.noarch                             9:svn44214-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-progress.noarch                            9:svn19519.1.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-progressbar.noarch                         9:svn33822.v1.0b_4-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-proof-at-the-end.noarch                    9:svn51194-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-proofread.noarch                           9:svn50938-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-prooftrees.noarch                          9:svn52221-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-properties.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-proposal.noarch                            9:svn40538-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-prosper.noarch                             9:svn33033.1.0h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-protex.noarch                              9:svn41633-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-protocol.noarch                            9:svn25562.1.13-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-prtec.noarch                               9:svn51919-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-przechlewski-book.noarch                   9:svn23552.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ps2eps.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ps2pk.x86_64                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-psbao.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.17-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pseudo.noarch                              9:svn52582-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pseudocode.noarch                          9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-psfrag.noarch                              9:svn15878.3.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-psfrag-italian-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-psfragx.noarch                             9:svn26243.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-psgo.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.17-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-psizzl.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.35-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pslatex.noarch                             9:svn16416.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-psnfss.noarch                              9:svn54694-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pspicture.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pst-2dplot.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                              9:svn17257.1.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-3dplot.noarch                          9:svn43703-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-abspos.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-am.noarch                              9:svn19591.1.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-antiprism.noarch                       9:svn46643-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                           9:svn41980-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-asr.noarch                             9:svn22138.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-bar.noarch                             9:svn18734.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-barcode.noarch                         9:svn45096-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-bezier.noarch                          9:svn41981-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-bspline.noarch                         9:svn40685-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-calculate.noarch                       9:svn49817-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-calendar.noarch                        9:svn15878.0.47-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-cie.noarch                             9:svn49422-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-circ.noarch                            9:svn49791-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                            9:svn37377.1.07-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-contourplot.noarch                     9:svn48230-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-cox.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.98_Beta-35.fc33           @updates              
texlive-pst-dart.noarch                            9:svn46579-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-dbicons.noarch                         9:svn17556.0.16-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-diffraction.noarch                     9:svn15878.2.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-electricfield.noarch                   9:svn29803.0.14-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-eucl.noarch                            9:svn54785-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-eucl-translation-bg-doc.noarch         9:svn19296.1.3.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-pst-exa.noarch                             9:svn45289-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-feyn.noarch                            9:svn48781-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-fit.noarch                             9:svn45109-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-fr3d.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-fractal.noarch                         9:svn54376-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-fun.noarch                             9:svn17909.0.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-func.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-gantt.noarch                           9:svn35832.0.22a-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-pst-geo.noarch                             9:svn46273-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-geometrictools.noarch                  9:svn45319-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-ghsb.noarch                            9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-gr3d.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.34-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.06-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-graphicx.noarch                        9:svn21717.0.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-infixplot.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.11-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-intersect.noarch                       9:svn33210.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-jtree.noarch                           9:svn20946.2.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-knot.noarch                            9:svn16033.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-labo.noarch                            9:svn39077-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-layout.noarch                          9:svn29803.95-35.fc33                  @updates              
texlive-pst-lens.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-light3d.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.12-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-lsystem.noarch                         9:svn49556-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-magneticfield.noarch                   9:svn49780-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-marble.noarch                          9:svn50925-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-math.noarch                            9:svn49425-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-mirror.noarch                          9:svn32997.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-moire.noarch                           9:svn49223-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-node.noarch                            9:svn54687-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-ob3d.noarch                            9:svn54514-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-ode.noarch                             9:svn50587-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-optexp.noarch                          9:svn35673.5.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-optic.noarch                           9:svn41999-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-osci.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.82-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                             9:svn45506-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-pad.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.3b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-pdf.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-pdgr.noarch                            9:svn45875-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-perspective.noarch                     9:svn39585-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-platon.noarch                          9:svn16538.0.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-poker.noarch                           9:svn53482-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-poly.noarch                            9:svn35062.1.63-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-pulley.noarch                          9:svn45316-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-qtree.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pst-rputover.noarch                        9:svn44724-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-rubans.noarch                          9:svn23464.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-shell.noarch                           9:svn42840-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-sigsys.noarch                          9:svn21667.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                            9:svn24391.1.31-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-solarsystem.noarch                     9:svn45097-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-solides3d.noarch                       9:svn49520-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-soroban.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-spectra.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.91-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-spinner.noarch                         9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-stru.noarch                            9:svn38613-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-support-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pst-text.noarch                            9:svn49542-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-thick.noarch                           9:svn16369.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                           9:svn54518-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                            9:svn43272-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-turtle.noarch                          9:svn52261-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-tvz.noarch                             9:svn23451.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-uml.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.83-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pst-vectorian.noarch                       9:svn28801.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst-vehicle.noarch                         9:svn45320-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-venn.noarch                            9:svn49316-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pst-vowel.noarch                           9:svn25228.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pst2pdf.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pstool.noarch                              9:svn46393-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pstricks.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                        9:svn53763-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pstricks_calcnotes-doc.noarch              9:svn34363.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pstring.noarch                             9:svn42857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-psutils.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptex.x86_64                                7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptex-base.noarch                           9:svn54153-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptex-fontmaps.noarch                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptex-fonts.noarch                          9:svn46940-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptex-manual.noarch                         9:svn54450-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptex2pdf.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptext.noarch                               9:svn30171.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ptolemaicastronomy.noarch                  9:svn50810-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ptptex.noarch                              9:svn19440.0.91-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-punk.noarch                                9:svn27388.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-punk-latex.noarch                          9:svn27389.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-punknova.noarch                            9:svn24649.1.003-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-purifyeps.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxbase.noarch                              9:svn44756-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxchfon.noarch                             9:svn54895-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxcjkcat.noarch                            9:svn47266-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-pxgreeks.noarch                            9:svn21838.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pxjahyper.noarch                           9:svn54863-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxjodel.noarch                             9:svn51379-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxpgfmark.noarch                           9:svn30212.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-pxrubrica.noarch                           9:svn48421-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxtatescale.noarch                         9:svn43009-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxtxalfa.noarch                            9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pxufont.noarch                             9:svn53733-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pygmentex.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-python.noarch                              9:svn27064.0.21-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-pythonhighlight.noarch                     9:svn43191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-pythontex.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-qcircuit.noarch                            9:svn48400-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-qcm.noarch                                 9:svn15878.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-qobitree.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-qpxqtx.noarch                              9:svn45797-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-qrcode.noarch                              9:svn36065.1.51-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-qsharp.noarch                              9:svn49722-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-qstest.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-qsymbols.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-qtree.noarch                               9:svn15878.3.1b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-qualitype.noarch                           9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quantikz.noarch                            9:svn54911-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quantumarticle.noarch                      9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quattrocento.noarch                        9:svn56020-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quicktype.noarch                           9:svn42183-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quiz2socrative.noarch                      9:svn52276-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quotchap.noarch                            9:svn51591-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quoting.noarch                             9:svn32818.v0.1c-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-quotmark.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-quran.noarch                               9:svn54333-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quran-de.noarch                            9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-quran-ur.noarch                            9:svn54191-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-r_und_s.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.3i-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                            9:svn51780-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-raleway.noarch                             9:svn42629-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ran_toks.noarch                            9:svn53271-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-randbild.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-random.noarch                              9:svn54723-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-randomlist.noarch                          9:svn45281-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-randomwalk.noarch                          9:svn49513-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-randtext.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-rank-2-roots.noarch                        9:svn48515-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rccol.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.2c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-rcs.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-rcs-multi.noarch                           9:svn21939.0.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-rcsinfo.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.11-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-readarray.noarch                           9:svn42467-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-realboxes.noarch                           9:svn23581.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-realhats.noarch                            9:svn52865-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-realscripts.noarch                         9:svn39706-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rec-thy.noarch                             9:svn50047-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-recipe.noarch                              9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-recipebook.noarch                          9:svn37026.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-recipecard.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-rectopma.noarch                            9:svn19980.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-recycle.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-refcheck.noarch                            9:svn29128.1.9.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-refcount.noarch                            9:svn53164-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-refenums.noarch                            9:svn44131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-reflectgraphics.noarch                     9:svn40612-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-refman.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.0e-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-refstyle.noarch                            9:svn20318.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-regcount.noarch                            9:svn19979.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-regexpatch.noarch                          9:svn47601-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-register.noarch                            9:svn54485-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-regstats.noarch                            9:svn25050.1.0h-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-reledmac.noarch                            9:svn54813-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-relenc.noarch                              9:svn22050.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-relsize.noarch                             9:svn30707.4.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-reotex.noarch                              9:svn34924.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-repeatindex.noarch                         9:svn24305.0.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-repere.noarch                              9:svn51363-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-repltext.noarch                            9:svn33442.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                      9:svn54841-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-resphilosophica.noarch                     9:svn50935-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rest-api.noarch                            9:svn54486-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-resumecls.noarch                           9:svn54815-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-resumemac.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-returntogrid.noarch                        9:svn48485-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-reverxii-doc.noarch                        9:svn24976.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-revquantum.noarch                          9:svn43505-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-revtex.noarch                              9:svn49751-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-revtex4.noarch                             9:svn45873-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rgltxdoc.noarch                            9:svn53858-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ribbonproofs.noarch                        9:svn31137.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-rjlparshap.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-rlepsf.noarch                              9:svn19082.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-rmathbr.noarch                             9:svn40415-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rmpage.noarch                              9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-roboto.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-robustcommand.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-robustindex.noarch                         9:svn49877-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-roex.noarch                                9:svn45818-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-romanbar.noarch                            9:svn25005.1.0f-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-romanbarpagenumber.noarch                  9:svn36236.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-romande.noarch                             9:svn19537.1.008_v7_sc-35.fc33         @updates              
texlive-romanneg.noarch                            9:svn20087.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-romannum.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-rosario.noarch                             9:svn51688-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rotfloat.noarch                            9:svn18292.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-rotpages.noarch                            9:svn18740.3.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-roundbox.noarch                            9:svn29675.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-roundrect.noarch                           9:svn39796-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rrgtrees.noarch                            9:svn27322.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-rsc.noarch                                 9:svn41923-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-rsfso.noarch                               9:svn37965.1.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-rterface.noarch                            9:svn30084.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-rtkinenc.noarch                            9:svn20003.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-rtklage.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-rubik.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ruhyphen.noarch                            9:svn21081.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ruler.noarch                               9:svn54251-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rulerbox.noarch                            9:svn50984-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rulercompass.noarch                        9:svn32392.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-russ.noarch                                9:svn25209-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rutitlepage.noarch                         9:svn51073-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-rviewport.noarch                           9:svn23739.v1.0-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-rvwrite.noarch                             9:svn19614.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ryersonsgsthesis.noarch                    9:svn50119-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ryethesis.noarch                           9:svn33945.1.36-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sa-tikz.noarch                             9:svn32815.0.7a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sageep.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sanitize-umlaut.noarch                     9:svn53292-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sanskrit.noarch                            9:svn42925-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sanskrit-t1.noarch                         9:svn35737.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-sansmath.noarch                            9:svn17997.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                      9:svn53628-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sansmathfonts.noarch                       9:svn51356-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sapthesis.noarch                           9:svn48365-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sasnrdisplay.noarch                        9:svn45963-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sauerj.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-sauter.noarch                              9:svn13293.2.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sauterfonts.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-savefnmark.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-savesym.noarch                             9:svn31565.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-savetrees.noarch                           9:svn40525-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scale.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-scalebar.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-scalerel.noarch                            9:svn42809-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scanpages.noarch                           9:svn42633-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-schedule.noarch                            9:svn51805-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-schemabloc.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-schemata.noarch                            9:svn54326-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scheme-full.noarch                         9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scholax.noarch                             9:svn55400-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-schule.noarch                              9:svn48471-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-schulmathematik.noarch                     9:svn53815-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-schulschriften.noarch                      9:svn35730.4-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-schwalbe-chess.noarch                      9:svn53305-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scientific-thesis-cover.noarch             9:svn47923-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sciposter.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.18-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sclang-prettifier.noarch                   9:svn35087.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-scontents.noarch                           9:svn53504-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scratch.noarch                             9:svn50073-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scratch3.noarch                            9:svn54916-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scratchx.noarch                            9:svn44906-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-screenplay.noarch                          9:svn27223.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-screenplay-pkg.noarch                      9:svn44965-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scrjrnl.noarch                             9:svn27810.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-scrlttr2copy.noarch                        9:svn39734-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-scsnowman.noarch                           9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sdaps.noarch                               9:svn54678-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sdrt.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sduthesis.noarch                           9:svn41401-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-secdot.noarch                              9:svn20208.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-secnum.noarch                              9:svn53657-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-section.noarch                             9:svn20180.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-sectionbox.noarch                          9:svn37749.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sectionbreak.noarch                        9:svn50339-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sectsty.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.0.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-seealso.noarch                             9:svn43595-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-seetexk.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-selectp.noarch                             9:svn20185.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-selinput.noarch                            9:svn53098-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-selnolig.noarch                            9:svn38721-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-semantic.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-semantic-markup.noarch                     9:svn53607-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-semaphor.noarch                            9:svn18651.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-seminar.noarch                             9:svn34011.1.62-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-semioneside.noarch                         9:svn15878.v0.41-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-semproc.noarch                             9:svn37568.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sepfootnotes.noarch                        9:svn41732-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sepnum.noarch                              9:svn20186.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-seqsplit.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-serbian-apostrophe.noarch                  9:svn23799.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-serbian-date-lat.noarch                    9:svn23446.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-serbian-def-cyr.noarch                     9:svn23734.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-serbian-lig.noarch                         9:svn53127-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sesamanuel.noarch                          9:svn36613.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sesstime.noarch                            9:svn49750-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-setdeck.noarch                             9:svn40613-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-setspace.noarch                            9:svn24881.6.7a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-seuthesis.noarch                           9:svn33042.2.1.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-seuthesix.noarch                           9:svn40088-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sexam.noarch                               9:svn46628-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sf298.noarch                               9:svn41653-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sffms.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sfg.noarch                                 9:svn20209.0.91-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sfmath.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sgame.noarch                               9:svn30959.2.15-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-shade.noarch                               9:svn22212.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-shadethm.noarch                            9:svn53350-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-shadow.noarch                              9:svn20312.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-shadowtext.noarch                          9:svn26522.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-shapepar.noarch                            9:svn30708.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-shapes.noarch                              9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-shdoc.noarch                               9:svn41991-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-shipunov.noarch                            9:svn52334-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-shobhika.noarch                            9:svn50555-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-short-math-guide.noarch                    9:svn46126-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-shortmathj.noarch                          9:svn54407-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-shorttoc.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-show2e.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-showcharinbox.noarch                       9:svn29803.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-showdim.noarch                             9:svn28918.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-showexpl.noarch                            9:svn42677-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-showhyphens.noarch                         9:svn39787-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-showlabels.noarch                          9:svn41322-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-showtags.noarch                            9:svn20336.1.05-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-shuffle.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sidecap.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.6f-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sidenotes.noarch                           9:svn54524-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sides.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-signchart.noarch                           9:svn39707-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-silence.noarch                             9:svn27028.1.5b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-simple-resume-cv.noarch                    9:svn43057-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-simple-thesis-dissertation.noarch          9:svn43058-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-simplebnf.noarch                           9:svn53370-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-simplecd.noarch                            9:svn29260.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-simplecv.noarch                            9:svn35537.1.6a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-simpleinvoice.noarch                       9:svn45673-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-simplekv.noarch                            9:svn54915-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-simpleoptics.noarch                        9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-simpler-wick.noarch                        9:svn39074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-simplewick.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-simplified-latex-doc.noarch                9:svn20620.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-simurgh.noarch                             9:svn31719.0.01b-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-sitem.noarch                               9:svn22136.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-siunitx.noarch                             9:svn53914-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-skak.noarch                                9:svn46259-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-skaknew.noarch                             9:svn20031.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-skb.noarch                                 9:svn22781.0.52-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-skdoc.noarch                               9:svn52211-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-skeycommand.noarch                         9:svn24652.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-skeyval.noarch                             9:svn30560.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-skmath.noarch                              9:svn52411-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-skrapport.noarch                           9:svn52412-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-skull.noarch                               9:svn51907-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-slantsc.noarch                             9:svn25007.2.11-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-slideshow.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-smalltableof.noarch                        9:svn20333.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-smartdiagram.noarch                        9:svn42781-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-smartref.noarch                            9:svn20311.1.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-smartunits.noarch                          9:svn39592-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-snapshot.noarch                            9:svn52115-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-snotez.noarch                              9:svn30355.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-songbook.noarch                            9:svn18136.4.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-songs.noarch                               9:svn51494-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sort-by-letters.noarch                     9:svn27128.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-soton.noarch                               9:svn16215.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-soul.noarch                                9:svn15878.2.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-soulpos.noarch                             9:svn52663-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-soulutf8.noarch                            9:svn53163-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-soup.noarch                                9:svn50815-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sourcecodepro.noarch                       9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sourcesanspro.noarch                       9:svn54892-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sourceserifpro.noarch                      9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spacingtricks.noarch                       9:svn52063-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spalign.noarch                             9:svn42225-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spark-otf.noarch                           9:svn51005-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sparklines.noarch                          9:svn42821-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spath3.noarch                              9:svn50018-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spectralsequences.noarch                   9:svn50072-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spelling.noarch                            9:svn30715.0.41-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sphack.noarch                              9:svn20842.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-sphdthesis.noarch                          9:svn34374.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-spie.noarch                                9:svn15878.3.25-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-splines.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-splitbib.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.17-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-splitindex.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spot.noarch                                9:svn22408.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-spotcolor.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-spreadtab.noarch                           9:svn50147-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-spverbatim.noarch                          9:svn15878.v1.0-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sr-vorl.noarch                             9:svn39529-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-srbook-mem.noarch                          9:svn45818-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-srcltx.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-srcredact.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-srdp-mathematik.noarch                     9:svn54685-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sseq.noarch                                9:svn31585.2.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-sslides.noarch                             9:svn32293.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-stack.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-stackengine.noarch                         9:svn53843-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stage.noarch                               9:svn53915-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-standalone.noarch                          9:svn47136-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stanli.noarch                              9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-starfont.noarch                            9:svn19982.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-startex.noarch                             9:svn35718.1.04-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-statex.noarch                              9:svn20306.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-statex2.noarch                             9:svn23961.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-statistics.noarch                          9:svn52212-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-statistik.noarch                           9:svn20334.0.03-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-statmath.noarch                            9:svn46925-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-staves.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-stdclsdv.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-stdpage.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-stealcaps.noarch                           9:svn46434-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-steinmetz.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-stellenbosch.noarch                        9:svn36696.11a-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-step.noarch                                9:svn53731-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stex.noarch                                9:svn50489-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stickstoo.noarch                           9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stix.noarch                                9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stix2-otf.noarch                           9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stix2-type1.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                            9:svn22027.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-storebox.noarch                            9:svn24895.1.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-storecmd.noarch                            9:svn24431.0.0.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-stringenc.noarch                           9:svn52982-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stringstrings.noarch                       9:svn36203.1.23-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-structmech.noarch                          9:svn47859-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-struktex.noarch                            9:svn47931-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sttools.noarch                             9:svn43684-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-stubs.noarch                               9:svn19440.0.1.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-studenthandouts.noarch                     9:svn43516-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sty2dtx.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-suanpan.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-subdepth.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-subdocs.noarch                             9:svn51480-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-subeqn.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.0b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-subeqnarray.noarch                         9:svn15878.2.1c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-subfig.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-subfigmat.noarch                           9:svn20308.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-subfigure.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.1.5-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-subfiles.noarch                            9:svn56977-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-subfloat.noarch                            9:svn29349.2.14-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-substances.noarch                          9:svn40989-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-substitutefont.noarch                      9:svn32066.0.1.4-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-substr.noarch                              9:svn16117.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-subsupscripts.noarch                       9:svn16080.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-subtext.noarch                             9:svn51273-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sudoku.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-sudokubundle.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-suftesi.noarch                             9:svn53903-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-sugconf.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-superiors.noarch                           9:svn51909-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-supertabular.noarch                        9:svn53658-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-susy.noarch                                9:svn19440.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-svg.noarch                                 9:svn55643-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-svg-inkscape-doc.noarch                    9:svn32199.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-svgcolor.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-svn.noarch                                 9:svn15878.43-35.fc33                  @updates              
texlive-svn-multi.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                            9:svn18017.3.1862-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-svninfo.noarch                             9:svn17554.0.7.4-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-svrsymbols.noarch                          9:svn50019-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-swebib.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-swimgraf.noarch                            9:svn25446.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-swrule.noarch                              9:svn54267-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-syllogism.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-symbol.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-sympytexpackage.noarch                     9:svn45818-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-synctex.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-synproof.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-syntax.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-syntrace.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-synttree.noarch                            9:svn16252.1.4.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-systeme.noarch                             9:svn54724-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-t-angles.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-t2.noarch                                  9:svn47870-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tabfigures.noarch                          9:svn25202.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-table-fct.noarch                           9:svn41849-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tableaux.noarch                            9:svn42413-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tablefootnote.noarch                       9:svn32804.1.1c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tableof.noarch                             9:svn48815-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tablestyles.noarch                         9:svn34495.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tablists.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.0e-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tablor.noarch                              9:svn31855.4.07_g-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-tabls.noarch                               9:svn17255.3.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tablvar.noarch                             9:svn51543-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tabriz-thesis.noarch                       9:svn51729-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tabstackengine.noarch                      9:svn46848-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tabto-generic.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tabto-ltx.noarch                           9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tabu.noarch                                9:svn49707-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tabularborder.noarch                       9:svn17885.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tabularcalc.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tabularew.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tabulars-e-doc.noarch                      9:svn21191.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tabulary.noarch                            9:svn34368.0.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tabvar.noarch                              9:svn28908.1.7-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tagging.noarch                             9:svn52064-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tagpair.noarch                             9:svn42138-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tagpdf.noarch                              9:svn51535-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-talk.noarch                                9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tamefloats.noarch                          9:svn27345.v0.42-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-tamethebeast-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tap.noarch                                 9:svn31731.0.77-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tapir.noarch                               9:svn20484.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tasks.noarch                               9:svn54814-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tcldoc.noarch                              9:svn22018.2.40-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tcolorbox.noarch                           9:svn54928-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tdclock.noarch                             9:svn33043.v2.5-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tds-doc.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tdsfrmath.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-technics.noarch                            9:svn29349.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-technion-thesis-template.noarch            9:svn49889-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ted.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.06-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-templates-fenn-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-templates-sommer-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-templatetools.noarch                       9:svn34495.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tempora.noarch                             9:svn39596-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tengwarscript.noarch                       9:svn34594.1.3.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-tensind.noarch                             9:svn51481-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tensor.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-termcal.noarch                             9:svn22514.1.8-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-termcal-de.noarch                          9:svn47111-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-termlist.noarch                            9:svn18923.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-termmenu.noarch                            9:svn37700.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-testhyphens.noarch                         9:svn38928-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-testidx.noarch                             9:svn52213-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tetragonos.noarch                          9:svn49732-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-teubner.noarch                             9:svn40197-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex.x86_64                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-ewd.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tex-font-errors-cheatsheet-doc.noarch      9:svn18314.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                            9:svn48058-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                       9:svn41264-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                       9:svn40533-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-label.noarch                           9:svn16372.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tex-locale.noarch                          9:svn48500-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-nutshell.noarch                        9:svn54689-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-overview-doc.noarch                    9:svn41403-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-ps.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tex-refs-doc.noarch                        9:svn44131-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex-virtual-academy-pl-doc.noarch          9:svn34177.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tex4ebook.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texapi.noarch                              9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texbytopic-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-texcount.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texdate.noarch                             9:svn49362-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texdef.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texdiff.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texdirflatten.noarch                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texdoc.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texdoctk.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texdraw.noarch                             9:svn51030-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texfot.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texilikechaps.noarch                       9:svn28553.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-texilikecover.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                  9:svn54176-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-cz-doc.noarch                      9:svn50778-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-de-doc.noarch                      9:svn54604-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                    9:svn54903-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-es-doc.noarch                      9:svn54465-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-fr-doc.noarch                      9:svn54749-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-it-doc.noarch                      9:svn54534-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-ja.noarch                          9:svn54334-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch            9:svn54919-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-pl-doc.noarch                      9:svn54425-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-ru-doc.noarch                      9:svn54537-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                     7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-scripts-extra.noarch               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-sr-doc.noarch                      9:svn54594-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive-zh-cn-doc.noarch                   9:svn54490-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                       7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texliveonfly.noarch                        7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texloganalyser.noarch                      7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texlogos.noarch                            9:svn19083.1.3.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-texmate.noarch                             9:svn15878.2-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-texments.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-texonly.noarch                             9:svn50985-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texosquery.noarch                          7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texplate.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texpower.noarch                            9:svn29349.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-texproposal-doc.noarch                     9:svn43151-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texshade.noarch                            9:svn46559-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texsis.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-textcase.noarch                            9:svn52092-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-textfit.noarch                             9:svn20591.5-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-textglos.noarch                            9:svn30788.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-textgreek.noarch                           9:svn44192-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-textmerg.noarch                            9:svn20677.2.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-textopo.noarch                             9:svn23796.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-textpath.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-textpos.noarch                             9:svn50988-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-textualicomma.noarch                       9:svn48474-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texvc.noarch                               9:svn46844-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texware.x86_64                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-texworks-doc.noarch                        9:svn54074-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tfrupee.noarch                             9:svn20770.1.02-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-thaienum.noarch                            9:svn44140-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thaispec.noarch                            9:svn51598-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thalie.noarch                              9:svn51789-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-theanodidot.noarch                         9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-theanomodern.noarch                        9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-theanooldstyle.noarch                      9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-theatre.noarch                             9:svn45363-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-theoremref.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thesis-ekf.noarch                          9:svn53685-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thesis-gwu.noarch                          9:svn54287-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thesis-qom.noarch                          9:svn49124-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac.noarch               9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-thinsp.noarch                              9:svn39669-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thmbox.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-thmtools.noarch                            9:svn53219-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-threadcol.noarch                           9:svn28754.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-threeddice.noarch                          9:svn20675.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                      9:svn17383.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-threeparttablex.noarch                     9:svn34206.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-thuaslogos.noarch                          9:svn51347-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thucoursework.noarch                       9:svn53891-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thumb.noarch                               9:svn16549.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-thumbs.noarch                              9:svn33134.1.0q-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-thumby.noarch                              9:svn16736.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-thuthesis.noarch                           9:svn53892-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ticket.noarch                              9:svn42280-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ticollege.noarch                           9:svn36306.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tie.x86_64                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-3dplot.noarch                         9:svn25087.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tikz-bayesnet.noarch                       9:svn38295.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikz-cd.noarch                             9:svn49201-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-dependency.noarch                     9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-dimline.noarch                        9:svn35805.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikz-feynhand.noarch                       9:svn51915-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-feynman.noarch                        9:svn39582-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-imagelabels.noarch                    9:svn51490-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-inet.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikz-kalender.noarch                       9:svn52890-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-karnaugh.noarch                       9:svn47026-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-ladder.noarch                         9:svn46555-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-layers.noarch                         9:svn46660-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-nef.noarch                            9:svn48240-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-network.noarch                        9:svn51884-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-opm.noarch                            9:svn32769.0.1.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-tikz-optics.noarch                         9:svn43466-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-page.noarch                           9:svn42039-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-palattice.noarch                      9:svn43442-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-planets.noarch                        9:svn54857-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-qtree.noarch                          9:svn26108.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikz-relay.noarch                          9:svn51355-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-sfc.noarch                            9:svn49424-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-timing.noarch                         9:svn46111-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-trackschematic.noarch                 9:svn53754-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikz-truchet.noarch                        9:svn50020-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikzcodeblocks.noarch                      9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikzducks.noarch                           9:svn54837-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikzinclude.noarch                         9:svn28715.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikzlings.noarch                           9:svn54838-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikzmark.noarch                            9:svn52293-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikzmarmots.noarch                         9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikzorbital.noarch                         9:svn36439.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tikzpagenodes.noarch                       9:svn27723.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikzpeople.noarch                          9:svn43978-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tikzpfeile.noarch                          9:svn25777.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikzposter.noarch                          9:svn32732.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tikzscale.noarch                           9:svn30637.0.2.6-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-tikzsymbols.noarch                         9:svn49975-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-timbreicmc.noarch                          9:svn49740-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-times.noarch                               9:svn35058.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-timetable.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-timing-diagrams.noarch                     9:svn31491.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tinos.noarch                               9:svn42882-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tipa.noarch                                9:svn29349.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tipa-de-doc.noarch                         9:svn22005.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tipfr-doc.noarch                           9:svn38646-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-titlecaps.noarch                           9:svn36170.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-titlefoot.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-titlepages-doc.noarch                      9:svn19457.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-titlepic.noarch                            9:svn43497-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-titleref.noarch                            9:svn18729.3.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-titlesec.noarch                            9:svn52413-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-titling.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.1d-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tkz-base.noarch                            9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tkz-doc.noarch                             9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tkz-euclide.noarch                         9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tkz-fct.noarch                             9:svn54703-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tkz-orm.noarch                             9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tkz-tab.noarch                             9:svn54662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tlc-article.noarch                         9:svn51431-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tlc2-doc.noarch                            9:svn26096.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-tocbibind.noarch                           9:svn20085.1.5k-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tocdata.noarch                             9:svn51654-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tocloft.noarch                             9:svn53364-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tocvsec2.noarch                            9:svn33146.1.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-todo.noarch                                9:svn17746.2.142-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-todonotes.noarch                           9:svn52662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tokcycle.noarch                            9:svn53755-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tokenizer.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-toolbox.noarch                             9:svn32260.5.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tools.noarch                               9:svn53640-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-topfloat.noarch                            9:svn19084.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-topiclongtable.noarch                      9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-topletter.noarch                           9:svn48182-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-toptesi.noarch                             9:svn51743-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-totcount.noarch                            9:svn21178.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-totpages.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-tpic2pdftex.noarch                         7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tpslifonts.noarch                          9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tqft.noarch                                9:svn44455-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tracklang.noarch                           9:svn52991-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-trajan.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tram.noarch                                9:svn29803.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-translation-array-fr-doc.noarch            9:svn24344.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-arsclassica-de-doc.noarch      9:svn23803.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-biblatex-de-doc.noarch         9:svn45592-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-translation-chemsym-de-doc.noarch          9:svn23804.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-dcolumn-fr-doc.noarch          9:svn24345.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-ecv-de-doc.noarch              9:svn24754.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-enumitem-de-doc.noarch         9:svn24196.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-europecv-de-doc.noarch         9:svn23840.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-filecontents-de-doc.noarch     9:svn24010.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-moreverb-de-doc.noarch         9:svn23957.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-natbib-fr-doc.noarch           9:svn25105.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translation-tabbing-fr-doc.noarch          9:svn24228.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-translations.noarch                        9:svn54929-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-translator.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-transparent.noarch                         9:svn52981-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tree-dvips.noarch                          9:svn21751.91-35.fc33                  @updates              
texlive-treetex.noarch                             9:svn28176.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-trfsigns.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-trigonometry.noarch                        9:svn43006-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-trivfloat.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.3b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-trsym.noarch                               9:svn18732.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-truncate.noarch                            9:svn18921.3.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tsemlines.noarch                           9:svn23440.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ttfutils.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tucv.noarch                                9:svn20680.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-tuda-ci.noarch                             9:svn54878-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tudscr.noarch                              9:LPPL-35.fc33                         @updates              
texlive-tufte-latex.noarch                         9:svn37649.3.5.2-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-tugboat.noarch                             9:svn54261-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tugboat-plain.noarch                       9:svn51373-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-tui.noarch                                 9:svn27253.1.9-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-turabian.noarch                            9:svn36298.0.1.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-turabian-formatting.noarch                 9:svn54436-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-turkmen.noarch                             9:svn17748.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-turnstile.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-turnthepage.noarch                         9:svn29803.1.3a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-twemoji-colr.noarch                        9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-twoinone.noarch                            9:svn17024.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-twoup.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-txfonts.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-txfontsb.noarch                            9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-txgreeks.noarch                            9:svn21839.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-txuprcal.noarch                            9:svn43327-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-type1cm.noarch                             9:svn21820.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-typed-checklist.noarch                     9:svn49731-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-typeface.noarch                            9:svn27046.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-typehtml.noarch                            9:svn17134.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-typeoutfileinfo.noarch                     7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-typewriter.noarch                          9:svn46641-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-typicons.noarch                            9:svn37623.2.0.7-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-typoaid.noarch                             9:svn44238-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-typogrid.noarch                            9:svn24994.0.21-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-uaclasses.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-uafthesis.noarch                           9:svn29349.12.12-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-uantwerpendocs.noarch                      9:svn51007-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uassign.noarch                             9:svn38459-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ucalgmthesis.noarch                        9:svn52527-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ucbthesis.noarch                           9:svn51690-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ucdavisthesis.noarch                       9:svn40772-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                            9:svn38907-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                        9:svn45024-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ucs.noarch                                 9:svn35853.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ucsmonograph.noarch                        9:svn52698-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ucthesis.noarch                            9:svn15878.3.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-udesoftec.noarch                           9:svn54215-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uebungsblatt.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.5.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-uestcthesis.noarch                         9:svn36371.1.1.0-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-uhc.noarch                                 9:svn16791.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-uhhassignment.noarch                       9:svn44026-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uhrzeit.noarch                             9:svn39570-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uiucredborder.noarch                       9:svn29974.1.00-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-uiucthesis.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.25-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ukrhyph.noarch                             9:svn21081.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-ulem.noarch                                9:svn53365-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ulqda.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ulthese.noarch                             9:svn52972-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-umbclegislation.noarch                     9:svn41348-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-umich-thesis.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.20-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-uml.noarch                                 9:svn17476.0.11-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-umlaute.noarch                             9:svn15878.v2.1-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-umoline.noarch                             9:svn19085.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-umthesis.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-umtypewriter.noarch                        9:svn18651.001.002-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-unam-thesis.noarch                         9:svn51207-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unamth-template-doc.noarch                 9:svn33625.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-unamthesis.noarch                          9:svn43639-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-undergradmath-doc.noarch                   9:svn42926-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-underlin.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-underoverlap.noarch                        9:svn29019.0.0.1_r1-35.fc33            @updates              
texlive-underscore.noarch                          9:svn18261.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-undolabl.noarch                            9:svn36681.1.0l-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-unfonts-core.noarch                        9:svn49455-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unfonts-extra.noarch                       9:svn44465-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uni-wtal-ger.noarch                        9:svn31541.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-uni-wtal-lin.noarch                        9:svn31409.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-unicode-alphabets.noarch                   9:svn54236-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unicode-bidi.noarch                        9:svn42482-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                        9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                        9:svn53609-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unifith.noarch                             9:svn51968-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                       9:svn53162-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unisugar.noarch                            9:svn22357.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-unitn-bimrep.noarch                        9:svn45581-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-units.noarch                               9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unitsdef.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-universa.noarch                            9:svn51984-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-universalis.noarch                         9:svn33860.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-univie-ling.noarch                         9:svn49785-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unravel.noarch                             9:svn52822-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-unswcover.noarch                           9:svn29476.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-uothesis.noarch                            9:svn25355.2.5.6-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-uowthesis.noarch                           9:svn19700.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-uowthesistitlepage.noarch                  9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-upca.noarch                                9:svn22511.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                          9:svn56618-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uplatex.noarch                             9:svn54276-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-upmethodology.noarch                       9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uppunctlm.noarch                           9:svn42334-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-upquote.noarch                             9:svn26059.v1.3-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-uptex.x86_64                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uptex-base.noarch                          9:svn54043-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uptex-fonts.noarch                         9:svn54045-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-upzhkinsoku.noarch                         9:svn47354-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-urcls.noarch                               9:svn49903-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uri.noarch                                 9:svn48602-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-url.noarch                                 9:svn32528.3.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-urlbst.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-urwchancal.noarch                          9:svn21701.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-usebib.noarch                              9:svn25969.1.0a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-ushort.noarch                              9:svn32261.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-uspace.noarch                              9:svn42456-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-uspatent.noarch                            9:svn27744.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-ut-thesis.noarch                           9:svn38269.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-utexasthesis.noarch                        9:svn48648-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-utf8mex.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-utopia.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-uwthesis.noarch                            9:svn15878.6.13-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-vak.noarch                                 9:svn23431.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-vancouver.noarch                           9:svn34470.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-variablelm.noarch                          9:svn46611-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-variations.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-varindex.noarch                            9:svn32262.2.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-varisize.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-varsfromjobname.noarch                     9:svn44154-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-varwidth.noarch                            9:svn24104.0.92-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-vaucanson-g.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-vdmlisting.noarch                          9:svn29944.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-velthuis.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-venn.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-venndiagram.noarch                         9:svn47952-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-venturisadf.noarch                         9:svn19444.1.005-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-verbasef.noarch                            9:svn21922.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-verbatimbox.noarch                         9:svn33197.3.13-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-verbatimcopy.noarch                        9:svn15878.0.06-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-verbdef.noarch                             9:svn17177.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-verbments.noarch                           9:svn23670.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-verifica.noarch                            9:svn53722-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-verse.noarch                               9:svn34017.2.4b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-version.noarch                             9:svn21920.2.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-versions.noarch                            9:svn21921.0.55-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-versonotes.noarch                          9:svn51568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-vertbars.noarch                            9:svn49429-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-vgrid.noarch                               9:svn32457.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-vhistory.noarch                            9:svn30080.1.6.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-visualfaq-doc.noarch                       9:svn38647-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-visualpstricks-doc.noarch                  9:svn39799-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-visualtikz-doc.noarch                      9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-vlna.x86_64                                7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-vmargin.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-vntex.noarch                               9:svn30579.3.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-vocaltract.noarch                          9:svn25629.1-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-volumes.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-voss-mathcol-doc.noarch                    9:svn32954.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-vpe.noarch                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-vruler.noarch                              9:svn21598.2.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-vtable.noarch                              9:svn51126-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-vwcol.noarch                               9:svn36254.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-wadalab.noarch                             9:svn42428-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-wallcalendar.noarch                        9:svn45568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-wallpaper.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.10-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-warning.noarch                             9:svn22028.0.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-warpcol.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0c-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-was.noarch                                 9:svn21439.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-wasy.noarch                                9:svn53533-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                          9:svn53534-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-wasysym.noarch                             9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-web.x86_64                                 7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-webguide-doc.noarch                        9:svn25813.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-webquiz.noarch                             7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-widetable.noarch                           9:svn53409-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-widows-and-orphans.noarch                  9:svn53505-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-williams.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-willowtreebook.noarch                      9:svn54866-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-windycity.noarch                           9:svn51668-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-withargs.noarch                            9:svn52641-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-witharrows.noarch                          9:svn54707-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-wnri.noarch                                9:svn22459.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-wnri-latex.noarch                          9:svn22338.1.0b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-wordcount.noarch                           7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-wordlike.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.2b-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-worksheet.noarch                           9:svn48423-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                             9:svn22048.3.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-wsemclassic.noarch                         9:svn31532.1.0.1-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-wsuipa.noarch                              9:svn25469.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-wtref.noarch                               9:svn42981-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xargs.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xassoccnt.noarch                           9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xbmks.noarch                               9:svn53448-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcharter.noarch                            9:svn56692-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcite.noarch                               9:svn53486-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcjk2uni.noarch                            9:svn50848-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcntperchap.noarch                         9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcolor.noarch                              9:svn41044-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcolor-material.noarch                     9:svn42289-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcolor-solarized.noarch                    9:svn41809-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xcomment.noarch                            9:svn20031.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xcookybooky.noarch                         9:svn36435.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xcpdftips.noarch                           9:svn50449-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xdoc.noarch                                9:svn15878.prot2.5-35.fc33             @updates              
texlive-xduthesis.noarch                           9:svn39694-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xebaposter.noarch                          9:svn42046-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xechangebar.noarch                         9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xecjk.noarch                               9:svn53835-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xecolor.noarch                             9:svn29660.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xecyr.noarch                               9:svn54308-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xecyrmongolian.noarch                      9:svn53160-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xeindex.noarch                             9:svn35756.0.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xellipsis.noarch                           9:svn47546-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xepersian.noarch                           9:svn53625-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xepersian-hm.noarch                        9:svn54962-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xesearch.noarch                            9:svn16041.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-xespotcolor.noarch                         9:svn40118-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xetex.x86_64                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xetex-devanagari.noarch                    9:svn34296.0.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                        9:svn35088.4.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                      9:svn17055.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                       9:svn28847.0.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                         9:svn45845-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-xetexko.noarch                             9:svn53826-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xetexref-doc.noarch                        9:svn53068-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xevlna.noarch                              9:svn43864-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xfakebold.noarch                           9:svn54779-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xfor.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.05-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-xgreek.noarch                              9:svn46662-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xhfill.noarch                              9:svn22575.1.01-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-xifthen.noarch                             9:svn38929-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xii-doc.noarch                             9:svn45804-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xii-lat.noarch                             9:svn45805-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xindex.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xint.noarch                                9:svn53930-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xits.noarch                                9:svn52046-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xkcdcolors.noarch                          9:svn54512-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                             9:svn35741.2.7a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-xlop.noarch                                9:svn42899-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xltabular.noarch                           9:svn54437-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                             9:svn49555-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xmltex.noarch                              7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                        9:svn45845-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xmpincl.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xnewcommand.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xoptarg.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xpatch.noarch                              9:svn54563-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xpdfopen.x86_64                            7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xpeek.noarch                               9:svn27442.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xpiano.noarch                              9:svn37604.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xpicture.noarch                            9:svn28770.1.2a-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-xpinyin.noarch                             9:svn50849-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xprintlen.noarch                           9:svn35928.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xpunctuate.noarch                          9:svn26641.1.0-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xq.noarch                                  9:svn35211.0.4-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xsavebox.noarch                            9:svn54097-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xsim.noarch                                9:svn54681-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xskak.noarch                               9:svn51432-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xstring.noarch                             9:svn49946-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xtab.noarch                                9:svn23347.2.3f-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-xtuthesis.noarch                           9:svn47049-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xunicode.noarch                            9:svn30466.0.981-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-xurl.noarch                                9:svn53538-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-xwatermark.noarch                          9:svn28090.1.5.2d-35.fc33              @updates              
texlive-xyling.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-xymtex.noarch                              9:svn32182.5.06-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-xypic.noarch                               9:svn31859.3.8.9-35.fc33               @updates              
texlive-xypic-tut-pt-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-xytree.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-yafoot.noarch                              9:svn48568-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yagusylo.noarch                            9:svn29803.1.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-yaletter.noarch                            9:svn42830-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yannisgr.noarch                            9:svn22613.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-yathesis.noarch                            9:svn54740-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yax.noarch                                 9:svn54080-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yazd-thesis.noarch                         9:svn51725-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ycbook.noarch                              9:svn46201-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ydoc.noarch                                9:svn26202.0.6alpha-35.fc33            @updates              
texlive-yfonts.noarch                              9:svn50755-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yfonts-t1.noarch                           9:svn36013-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yhmath.noarch                              9:svn54377-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yinit-otf.noarch                           9:svn40207-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-york-thesis.noarch                         9:svn23348.3.6-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-youngtab.noarch                            9:svn17635.1.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-yplan.noarch                               7:20200327-21.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-yquant.noarch                              9:svn54737-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ytableau.noarch                            9:svn27430.1.3-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-zapfding.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-zebra-goodies.noarch                       9:svn51554-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zed-csp.noarch                             9:svn17258.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-zhlineskip.noarch                          9:svn51142-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zhlipsum.noarch                            9:svn54758-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zhmetrics.noarch                           9:svn22207.r206-35.fc33                @updates              
texlive-zhmetrics-uptex.noarch                     9:svn40728-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zhnumber.noarch                            9:svn50850-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zhspacing.noarch                           9:svn41145-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-ziffer.noarch                              9:svn32279.2.1-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-zlmtt.noarch                               9:svn51368-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zootaxa-bst.noarch                         9:svn50619-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zref.noarch                                9:svn54098-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zwgetfdate.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-35.fc33                   @updates              
texlive-zwpagelayout.noarch                        9:svn53965-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zxjafbfont.noarch                          9:svn28539.0.2-35.fc33                 @updates              
texlive-zxjafont.noarch                            9:svn53884-35.fc33                     @updates              
texlive-zxjatype.noarch                            9:svn53500-35.fc33                     @updates              
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                  0.7.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                   0.7.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
thermald.x86_64                                    2.4.1-2.fc33                           @updates              
thunderbird.x86_64                                 78.8.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
tigervnc-license.noarch                            1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates              
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                     1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates              
time.x86_64                                        1.9-12.fc33                            @updates              
tix.x86_64                                         1:8.4.3-29.fc33                        @fedora               
tk.x86_64                                          1:8.6.10-5.fc33                        @fedora               
tmux.x86_64                                        3.1c-1.fc33                            @updates              
totem.x86_64                                       1:3.38.0-2.fc33                        @updates              
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                             3.26.5-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                    3.0.3-1.fc33                           @updates              
traceroute.x86_64                                  3:2.1.0-12.fc33                        @anaconda             
tracker.x86_64                                     2.3.6-2.fc33                           @updates              
tracker-miners.x86_64                              2.3.5-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
tracker3.x86_64                                    3.0.3-1.fc33                           @updates              
tracker3-miners.x86_64                             3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates              
tre.x86_64                                         0.8.0-31.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc33       @fedora               
tre-common.noarch                                  0.8.0-31.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc33       @fedora               
tree.x86_64                                        1.8.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
trousers.x86_64                                    0.3.14-4.fc33                          @updates              
trousers-lib.x86_64                                0.3.14-4.fc33                          @updates              
twolame-libs.x86_64                                0.3.13-16.fc33                         @anaconda             
tzdata.noarch                                      2021a-1.fc33                           @updates              
tzdata-java.noarch                                 2021a-1.fc33                           @updates              
udisks2.x86_64                                     2.9.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                               2.9.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda             
unbound-libs.x86_64                                1.13.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
unicode-ucd.noarch                                 13.0.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
unoconv.noarch                                     0.9.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
unzip.x86_64                                       6.0-49.fc33                            @fedora               
upower.x86_64                                      0.99.11-6.fc33                         @anaconda             
uresourced.x86_64                                  0.3.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                    20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                       20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                   20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                            20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                     20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                     20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch             20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch               20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                       20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch        20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                       20200910-2.fc33                        @updates              
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                              2.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                         20191128-3.fc33                        @anaconda             
usbmuxd.x86_64                                     1.1.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
usbredir.x86_64                                    0.8.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
usbutils.x86_64                                    012-5.fc33                             @anaconda             
usermode.x86_64                                    1.112-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
userspace-rcu.x86_64                               0.12.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
util-linux.x86_64                                  2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
vim-common.x86_64                                  2:8.2.2637-1.fc33                      @updates              
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                2:8.2.2637-1.fc33                      @updates              
vim-filesystem.noarch                              2:8.2.2637-1.fc33                      @updates              
vim-minimal.x86_64                                 2:8.2.2637-1.fc33                      @updates              
vino.x86_64                                        3.22.0-19.fc33                         @anaconda             
virglrenderer.x86_64                               0.8.2-2.20200212git7d204f39.fc33       @anaconda             
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                  6.1.18-1.fc33                          @updates              
volume_key-libs.x86_64                             0.3.12-9.fc33                          @anaconda             
vpnc.x86_64                                        0.5.3-40.svn550.fc33                   @anaconda             
vpnc-script.noarch                                 20200918-1.git3885f8.fc33              @anaconda             
vte-profile.x86_64                                 0.62.3-2.fc33                          @updates              
vte291.x86_64                                      0.62.3-2.fc33                          @updates              
vulkan-headers.noarch                              1.2.148.0-1.fc33                       @fedora               
vulkan-loader.x86_64                               1.2.148.1-1.fc33                       @updates              
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                         1.2.148.1-1.fc33                       @updates              
wavpack.x86_64                                     5.4.0-1.fc33                           @updates              
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                       5-12.fc33                              @anaconda             
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                 2.32.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                             2.32.0-1.fc33                          @updates              
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                     0.3.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
wget.x86_64                                        1.21.1-1.fc33                          @updates              
which.x86_64                                       2.21-20.fc33                           @anaconda             
whois-nls.noarch                                   5.5.9-1.fc33                           @updates              
woff2.x86_64                                       1.0.2-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
words.noarch                                       3.0-36.fc33                            @anaconda             
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                              1:2.9-8.fc33                           @updates              
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                              1.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
xcb-util.x86_64                                    0.4.0-16.fc33                          @anaconda             
xcb-util-image.x86_64                              0.4.0-16.fc33                          @anaconda             
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                            0.4.0-14.fc33                          @anaconda             
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                         0.3.9-17.fc33                          @anaconda             
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                 0.4.1-19.fc33                          @anaconda             
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                              0.1.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda             
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                          1.8.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                      1.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                               0.17-7.fc33                            @anaconda             
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                           0.10-18.fc33                           @anaconda             
xdg-utils.noarch                                   1.1.3-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
xdotool.x86_64                                     1:3.20150503.1-11.fc33                 @fedora               
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                           21.5.34-38.20200331hge2ac728aa576.fc33 @fedora               
xen-libs.x86_64                                    4.14.1-7.fc33                          @updates              
xen-licenses.x86_64                                4.14.1-7.fc33                          @updates              
xfsprogs.x86_64                                    5.7.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
xkeyboard-config.noarch                            2.30-3.fc33                            @anaconda             
xml-common.noarch                                  0.6.3-55.fc33                          @anaconda             
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                    1.51.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda             
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                             1.51.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda             
xmlsec1.x86_64                                     1.2.29-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                 1.2.29-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                             1.2.29-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                         19.1.0-5.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                            19.1.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                          2.10.6-7.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                          0.5.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                          2.99.917-48.20200205.fc33              @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                       0.30.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                        1:1.0.15-10.fc33                       @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                     0.6.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                            0.1.5-16.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                           2.4.0-9.fc33                           @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                         13.2.1-13.fc33                         @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                          0.39.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64           0.39.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda             
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                         1:7.5-47.fc33                          @updates              
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch             7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora               
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                        2019.1-4.fc33                          @fedora               
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                        1.20.10-1.fc33                         @updates              
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                    1.20.10-1.fc33                         @updates              
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                      1.20.10-1.fc33                         @updates              
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                       7.7-36.fc33                            @anaconda             
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                              7.5-35.fc33                            @anaconda             
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                              1:1.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda             
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                              1.4.0-7.fc33                           @anaconda             
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                          7.7-33.fc33                            @anaconda             
xsel.x86_64                                        1.2.0-27.fc33                          @fedora               
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                 0.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda             
xz.x86_64                                          5.2.5-4.fc33                           @updates              
xz-devel.x86_64                                    5.2.5-4.fc33                           @updates              
xz-libs.x86_64                                     5.2.5-4.fc33                           @updates              
yajl.x86_64                                        2.1.0-15.fc33                          @anaconda             
yelp.x86_64                                        2:3.38.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
yelp-libs.x86_64                                   2:3.38.3-1.fc33                        @updates              
yelp-xsl.noarch                                    3.38.3-1.fc33                          @updates              
yum.noarch                                         4.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates              
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                 1.1.9-1.fc33                           @updates              
zd1211-firmware.noarch                             1.5-7.fc33                             @anaconda             
zenity.x86_64                                      3.32.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda             
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                    0.7.2.2-17.fc33                        @anaconda             
zip.x86_64                                         3.0-27.fc33                            @anaconda             
zlib.x86_64                                        1.2.11-23.fc33                         @updates              
zlib-devel.x86_64                                  1.2.11-23.fc33                         @updates              
zoom.x86_64                                        5.5.7011.0206-1                        @@commandline         
zram-generator.x86_64                              0.2.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                     0.2.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda             
zziplib.x86_64                                     0.13.71-1.fc33                         @updates              
